Today's three stories are about people who saw and heard things that they swore happened and were totally real. Yet, their accounts are just impossible. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of the strange, dark, and mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right place because that's all we do and we upload two, three, even four times every week. So, if that's of interest to you, the next time the like button goes away on vacation, offer to take care of their beautifully manicured lawn for them, but instead just put instant mashed potato mix all over the lawn and start the sprinklers. Also, please subscribe to our channel and turn on all notifications so you don't miss any of our weekly uploads. Okay, let's get into today's stories. [music] One night in 1943, a Catholic priest named Father Paul Leoot was getting ready for bed in the back room of his church in Paris, France, when he heard the doorbell ring. And Father Paul was quite surprised by this because number one, it was almost midnight and number two, World War II was going on. Paris was occupied by the Nazis. And the whole city was under a very strict curfew. So if somebody was here, they're breaking that curfew. But it also meant if somebody was here breaking the curfew to talk to him at midnight, it must be urgent. So he rushed to the door to see who it was. And when he opened up the church door, he saw this frantic-l looking middle-aged woman who was standing out on the steps. And she looked totally panicked. She told Father Paul to please come quickly because a young man was dying [music] and he needed someone to say his last rights. Father Paul instinctively poked his head out the door and just looked up and down the road. [music] He was scanning the street outside for soldiers or police. He knew that if he and this woman were spotted out past curfew, they'd be arrested. And so obviously this would be a huge risk to do what she was asking. But to Father Paul, if someone was dying, he had to go. He had to let [music] this person have their last rights. Now, Father Paul knew it would be safest if he and this woman actually [music] traveled separately to where this young man was. So, Father Paul, he pulled out a notebook and he told this woman to write down the address. So, she did. And then he took the note and he said he'd be over there in a few minutes. And then he rushed inside to grab his coat while she took off running down the road. Not long after that, Father Paul hurried down this pitch black street full of all these old limestone [music] buildings, scanning for the address the woman had written down on this piece of paper. He eventually found the building number and he rushed up and he knocked on the door because he needs to get off the street as fast as possible here. Like he's breaking curfew. And the woman, she's not here yet or he doesn't see her outside anyways. [music] There's nobody outside. And so he's knocking on the door and he sees through the window that a light comes on inside. And then he saw these thick curtains inside of this this [music] apartment. They they parted slightly and someone looked out and then a moment later the door opened slightly. Immediately, you know, Father Paul basically pushed himself into the apartment. He doesn't even know who's in here, but he needs to get inside cuz it's not safe outside. And so, Father Paul gets inside and he looks and he sees there's a young man standing there who's just let him in. This is presumably his apartment. [music] And Father Paul doesn't see the woman who had, you know, told him to come here. But also, Father Paul's realizing, I don't see any sign of somebody dying here. And so, it's sort of like this weird like, what's going on here? The young man's looking at Father Paul. Like, what is this? And vice versa. And Father Paul, he's like, I was given this address to to come give someone their their last rights. I was told by a woman that there's somebody dying here. Like, is there someone dying here? the young man, he's sort of looking at Father Paul and just sort of looking all around him and [music] he's like, "No, I'm I'm the only one here. I I I have no idea what you're talking about." And so, Father Paul, he's like, "Well, wait a minute. Is this is this the right address? Am I at the right address?" Cuz this woman, she was she was convinced somebody was was dying here. Like, is this the right address? And the young man, he looks at the address and he's like, "Yeah, no, that's that's definitely that's definitely right. You're at the right address." So, Father Paul's [music] like, "How weird is that? are you sure there's nobody here that's that's dying? And the young man's like, "No, really, it's [music] it's just me. I have no idea what this is about." And so, Father Paul, he told this young man like, "Hey, let's just wait a minute because this woman is bound to show up any minute. I mean, she's the one who told me to come here. She's the one who said somebody was dying. You know, when she gets here, we'll let her in and she can explain, you know, what happened." But the two of them, they just sort of awkwardly stood there inside of this apartment looking out the window, you know, waiting for this woman. But [music] quite a bit of time went by and she never showed up. And so eventually the two of them, the father and this young man, they're like, "Man, that's that is [music] weird." Like that is it's just it's just a mixup, I guess. What else could it be? Like he's at the right address. [music] There is a there is a man here, but he's clearly okay. It just it was a weird thing. And so Father Paul and this young man, they just sort of talked about how weird this was. And [music] and the father was about to leave when the young man is like, "Hey, wait a minute. [music] uh since you're here uh I I haven't spoken to a priest in a long time and you know given what's going on in the world, you know, I just [music] I'd love to be able to speak to you and and confess my sins. You know, would you be willing to just stay here for a minute and just let me speak to you? And Father Paul's like, you know, of course, you know, I'm here and already intruded into your home. Like, of course. And so the two of them, they would they would sit down inside of the apartment. You know, the woman, she never shows up. these two like complete [music] strangers basically just talked for a while. The young man confessed. He got his his burdens off his mind and and you know got right with God in a sense. And eventually after you know [music] his confessional was done, the priest thanked the young man, wished him well and then he went back outside. And immediately when the father was outside, it had been pretty quiet to that point, but the second he got out there onto the road, the air raid sirens [music] began going off all through the city. And so at this point, Father Paul had a decision to make. Either run home as he planned to and just take shelter inside of his own home [music] and hope he survived the inevitable bombing run that apparently was coming through any minute now. That's what the sirens were for. [music] or given the, you know, sirens going off, he knew anytime that happened, if there was a bombing run that that that [music] followed. Dozens and dozens of people were going to get killed. That's how it always went. [music] And they had these things in the city called casualty clearing centers, which were like these intermediary spots before folks got sent to hospitals, [music] which could become overwhelmed really quickly with casualties, where at these clearing centers, officials would basically determine whether or not somebody was salvageable. And Father Paul knew these clearing centers [music] really needed a lot of priests to give last rights and to provide their spiritual services to [music] these people that are, you know, casualties of war. And so for Father Paul, as the sirens are going off, for him the decision was easy. He turned and he ran right towards that clearing center. And as Father Paul got closer to the clearing center, he was already hearing the sound of bombs impacting buildings and streets not far away from him. like he's basically running through an air raid. He eventually makes it to this this shelter area, this clearing center. He rushes inside and when he gets in there, he finds that it's actually already really crowded with patients lying on stretchers or huddled on the floor and nurses were rushing back and forth with bandages and medicine. It was just like this horrifying chaotic scene. And this is like before a rush of new casualties had even arrived. Like the bombing's happening now. These people are just leftovers, you know, from from the last round of attacks. These are people that got passed over, if you will, and were told to stay here and not be sent to the hospital. And so, this place is already basically full of dying and mortally wounded people. And very shortly after Father Paul got in there, another rush of freshly injured people from this particular bombing run began being rushed inside. I mean, it was total madness. And so for the next few hours, Father Paul just went all around this clearing center looking for the people who were the most critically injured, who were the least likely to survive the night. And he would pray with them in their final moments. Then a little before dawn, Father Paul saw one victim who just completely stopped him in his tracks. It was this young man who was obviously deceased, who was lying on the ground with brutal injuries all over his body. And it was the same young man who Father Paul had seen at that random address he had run to believing he was going to find a dying man. You know, that same young man who was healthy, you know, who was fine, who who did his confession to Father Paul, that young man is dead inside [music] of this clearing center, clearly killed by the most recent bombing room. Now, Father Paul had been witnessing war like the rest of the residents of Paris for some time, but he was still just really shaken up by this. He knew very likely, considering this young man lived alone, that he, Father Paul, [music] was the last person to speak to him before he died. So, in some ways, he was very grateful that [music] the young man had asked him to stay back and allow him to confess and get right with God because it turned out he was about to die. And so, Father Paul, he just, you know, without really knowing what else to do, he began reaching into this young man's pockets to, you know, find hopefully a wallet or just any of his valuables just to make sure he could return these things to this young man's family, you know, so that [music] way he could not only give these things back to them, but also, you know, pay his condolences and tell the family that, you know, he did have a chance to see their their son, their brother, you know, before he died. He wanted to do that for the family. And eventually, Father Paul pulled out this man's wallet. And when he opened it, in addition to his ID and a few other things, he found two photos. The first was of this middle-aged woman. [music] And on the back of this photo was a single word. It just said mom, but written in French. And at first, Father Paul really didn't think twice [music] about this. But when he flipped the photograph back over and looked at the image again, looked at this woman again, he [music] realized this was the woman who had come to his church to say, "You have to go give this dying man his last rights, the woman who never showed up at the address. It's his mother." Like, how could this be? How could she have known he was going to die? Like, what's going on here? And so, Father Paul really doesn't know what to even think here. I mean, this is like truly unbelievable. But it only got weirder. He looked at the second photo in [music] this young man's wallet. And this photo as well was of his mother. Except in this photo, his mother was clearly dead. She was laying in a coffin with a crucifix wrapped around her hands that were resting on her [music] chest like she's dead. And this photo, the photo of her dead was dated on the back, April 8th, 1939. Which meant [music] this woman that Father Paul saw at his church that night who led him to the young man who wound up dying in the bombing run, that woman had died 4 years ago. Father Paul would ultimately contact the family of this young man and he confirmed that [music] the pictures were definitely his mother and that she really had died four years earlier. And also, Father Paul requested a sample of this young man's mother's handwriting to compare the address that he was given by this woman to a known sample of her handwriting. and handwriting matched exactly. BetterHelp is the paid partner of today's video. Every once in a while, something will remind me of a time when staying connected with people just felt a whole lot more effortless. [music] There was less planning, fewer distractions, and somehow there was just way more time for the people around you. And so when I look back at those times, it's hard not to wish I had sort of appreciated those times more when they were happening. When something feels off in your life, you may find yourself thinking about a a simpler time in the past when, you know, relationships felt more natural, when being around people didn't seem to require so much effort. And then you sort of look at [music] your current life and think, boy, it really feels different now. Staying connected in some ways is super automatic with social media and the internet, but it doesn't feel natural. It doesn't feel effortless like it used to. But what you're often missing when you look back at this time isn't just those people. It's really the experience of connection with them feeling so effortless. Therapy can help you make sense of what's changed and may also help you recognize and nurture the connection that's still very much available to you today. Even if it doesn't look exactly the way it once did. Better Help makes starting therapy easier. [music] Take the quiz and get matched with a credentialed therapist quickly. Switch anytime at no extra cost if it's not the right fit. Click the link in the description or go to betterhelp.com/mrbalin and get 10% off your first month of therapy. [music] On the morning of March 17th, 2019, a young businessman named Fun rolled a suitcase into the lobby of a hotel in Wuer County, which is in central China. And he was followed by a young woman named Yomi, who was also carrying some luggage. And as soon as they were in there, they both just sort of did a look around. They saw the stained carpet and the outdated furniture and they smelled a funky smell. And they both just sort of looked at each other. And it was obvious as they, you know, exchanged this glance that they both were thinking the same thing. This hotel was a total dump. So Fun and Yomi were co-workers and they were here on a week-long business trip. Fun had assumed they'd be staying somewhere nice, but clearly the company had other thoughts. They were probably trying to save money by putting them in this budget hotel in a in a crappy area. But Fun knew, you know, realistically the two of them couldn't really change this. This is this is what their company was putting them up in. It is what it is, you know. So, he and Yomi just kind of shrugged and then they both headed over to the front desk to check in. A few moments later, after getting checked in, Fun and Yomi wheeled their suitcases into a tiny elevator. And as soon as they got inside, Fun noticed that Yomi was staring at her room key with a very worried expression. And Fun knew why. So, the front desk clerk had given Yomi a room on the fourth floor. And in China, the number four is supposed to be very unlucky because the word for sounds like the word for death in the Chinese language. Now, Fun was not that superstitious, but he knew Yomi really was. I mean, to be given a room on the fourth floor was bad, but I mean, it went deeper than that for Yomi. I mean, this was a bad start, but I mean, Yomi was the type of person who back home at their at their work building, she wouldn't even go to the end of hallways, like within their building. She would avoid the end of hallways because she believed that's where spirits would congregate. So, she avoided the end of hallways. And she also avoided looking in mirrors or reflective surfaces because she believed that if you did that, your soul could be trapped inside of those those alternate universes inside of these reflective surfaces. [music] And so, he just knew this is like a big deal for her and this was going to probably totally disrupt this trip. So Fun, he looked at Yomi and as gently as he could, he told her like, "Hey, you know, don't worry about it. Like don't freak yourself out. It's I'm sure it's fine." And Yomi, she just she nodded like she was agreeing with him, but she just kept staring at the room key like this is not [music] okay. She's telling him it's going to be okay, but not to her. This is bad. Eventually, the elevator reached the third floor and the doors opened up and Fun got off because [music] his room was on the third floor. And he turned to Yomi, who again is still just staring at the the room key, [music] and he told her like, "Hey, I'm going to get settled in and then I'll give you a call." Like again, everything's going to be fine. All right. And Yomi, she just nodded, but kept on staring at the room key. And Fun [music] watched as the door shut and she just continued up to the fourth floor. Less than 10 minutes later, when Fun was in his room, he was still putting his stuff away. He had not even had a chance to to call Yomi yet. as he's [music] getting settled in, basically he sees his cell phone's ringing and it's Yomi. So he's [music] like, "Okay." Picks it up and he's like, "Hello." And she's totally frantic. And she says to him that she has to switch her room immediately. She said, you know, not only was her room on the fourth floor, which was bad enough, but the room was at the end of the hallway. And then when she went inside of a room, which took a lot of courage, like she didn't even want to go in the room at all. But when she got in there, she said there were reflective surfaces and mirrors [music] like everywhere. It was like she couldn't avoid looking at herself in these reflective surfaces. And she said on top of that, the air was just weirdly still. Like it just felt awful in there. Like she couldn't be in there. This was a perfect storm of all of the things that scare her all in one. And she can't do it. She's got to change rooms. As Fun listened to this, he couldn't help but kind of roll his eyes. You know, this just seemed like a little bit of an overreaction from Yomi. He got it. He understood why she was upset, but it's like, come on. But he wanted this trip to go well and he did like [music] Yomi. He wanted her to be happy because her mood affected him and this whole trip. And so he just told her, "Look, stay put. I'll take care of it." Then he left his room. He went down to the front desk. [music] And after speaking to the front desk clerk, they swapped Yomi to a room on the third floor. It was not at the end of the hall. It was in the middle of the hall. Perfect. And so Fun, he grabs this new room key. He goes up to the fourth floor where he finds Yomi who's standing in the middle of the hallway. You know, she didn't put anything inside of her room. She's abandoned her room. Then she's so relieved to see him. He gives her the new key. She's very thankful. Down to the third floor they go. She heads off to her new room. She thanks him again. And Fun, he goes into his room thinking, "Okay, problem solved." As soon as she came down to breakfast, Fun immediately noticed that she seemed really, really low energy. like super lethargic or something. She grabbed her food, [music] she sat down next to him and she wasn't talking and she was like barely eating her food and she had this distant look in her eyes and every time he'd speak to her. She really didn't engage with him. It's like she wasn't even hearing him, just giving him like one-word answers. She just felt totally off. And so Fun, like he was definitely worried about Yomi, but also selfishly he was worried about himself. He's thinking she seems like she could have picked [music] up maybe like a travel bug. like maybe she's sick or something and it really stressed him out because he really didn't want to get sick during this [music] work trip. And so he just hoped that whatever was going on with her wasn't contagious. Around lunchtime, Fun and Yomi were joined by three other co-workers who would come in on a later flight. And one of them was actually their manager, a guy named Sai. [music] And so Sai had the whole group meet up in his room so they could all go over the schedule for the rest of the week. But as soon as [music] the whole group assembled in his room and the the meeting began, everybody just wanted to complain about [music] how terrible this hotel was and how silly it was that the company made them stay here. And in fact, one of them said, "You know what? I'm just going to check out and just go to a different hotel. Like, I can't be here." But Sai shut that idea down right away, saying, "You know what? That's way too expensive and way too time-conuming, you know, to move at this point." [music] And then he just kind of shifted the whole conversation back to business. and he moved quickly through the entire meeting agenda for the week. And then when they were done, Yomi and the others left to go back to their own rooms. Well, they all left except for Fun. Fun stayed back to use Sai's bathroom. So Sai, he's outside in his room and Fun, [music] he's in the bathroom. And then when Fun was done, he came back out and he was about to leave when he looked into the room and [music] he saw Sai. And Sai was sitting on the end of the bed staring at the TV and he had this this weird look on his face, like a very troubled expression. And so Fun, he walks over to Sai and he says, "Hey, are you okay?" And Sai wouldn't tell him. Like clearly something was wrong, but he wouldn't tell him. But eventually he would tell Fun, "I've changed my mind about this hotel. We need to leave this [music] hotel immediately." A few hours later, the whole group checked out of the crappy hotel and moved their whole operation to a newer hotel downtown. And on their way to their new rooms, Fun, who was in great spirits about this change, made a comment to Yomi about how much better this place was. But Yomi just kind of ignored him and still acted like she could be sick or something and just wandered off to her own room, then shut the door behind her. The next morning, [music] everyone met up for breakfast again except for Yomi. She didn't show up. And so eventually Fun called up to her room and when she picked up she sounded really groggy. And then she said she definitely had a fever like she was sick. And when Fun heard that he's like, "Man, you know, I sat next to her on the plane. I I've eaten with her at every meal. I've been near her this whole time. You know, if she's sick, I'm probably next." But he also felt totally normal right now. So he just hoped that whatever Yomi had, one, it wasn't too serious for her sake, but two, it wasn't that contagious. [music] And over the next few days, Fun didn't get sick. So for him, he was thinking, "Great, I've been spared." But Yomi's situation, her fever, it only got worse. And she also started acting [music] just really strange. She would lock herself inside of her room for hours at a time, refusing to [music] eat or talk to anyone, which was obviously really bizarre on a business trip where the expectation is you're [music] going to do a lot of eating and talking to people. And then on the rare occasions where she would come out of a room, Fun noticed that her eyes seemed like lifeless, [music] like her mind was just somewhere else entirely. It was like she had this constant thousandy stare going on. By Thursday, so 5 days into this trip, everybody was really worried about Yomi. Fun actually took her to see a doctor and the doctor couldn't tell what was causing her fever, [music] but he gave her antibiotics and then told her what she really needed was to leave this business trip and just go home and rest. And when their manager, Sai, heard this recommendation from the doctor, he actually offered to buy Yomi a ticket to fly back home. But to all of their surprise, Yomi refused to leave. She just went back to her hotel room and locked the door behind her. Three days later, on the evening of Sunday, March 24th, Fun stood in the hallway outside of Yomi's room as Sai knocked on her door and shouted for Yomi to come out. The work trip was now over, and all five of them needed to leave for the airport to go back home. But Yomi was refusing to leave. She was not coming out. But finally, Fun and Sai heard the sound of feet shuffling to the door inside of the hotel room. [music] And even though Yomi didn't open the door, she called out to them in a very weak voice that they should just leave. You know, take your flight, go home, I'll catch my own flight in the morning. Fun was about to argue with her when Sai raised his wrist and showed him his watch. And Fun realized that if they were going to catch their own flight, they had to leave right now. And so Sai called back through the door that he'd book Yomi her own ride to the airport if she just sent him her new flight information. But for right now, they really had to go. You know, best of luck, but we got to go. And so Fun, even though he felt pretty conflicted about what to do here, he ultimately decided that, you know, they'd done everything they could and he just followed his manager down to the car. And as they got in the car, Fun thought to himself, you know, it's like Yomi, she's an adult and if she thinks she's too sick to travel and she wants to fly home on her own the next day, that's her decision. But Yomi didn't find her own way home because 2 days later, she was dead. That day, March 26th, Fun got a call from work with the news. The hotel staff had apparently found [music] Yomi's body inside of her room when they went inside of there to clean it, but the exact condition of her body and cause of death were still unknown. When Fun heard this, he was devastated. I mean, he'd known that Yomi clearly was sick, but he'd never thought she was close to dying. And so now he was just overcome with with grief at the the loss of his friend, but also some level of guilt that maybe he could have done more to help her and just confusion around this whole thing like like what happened? Fung's best guess is that she must have caught some bug and she very likely caught it on the first day when they were at that totally gross unsanitary hotel. But Fun also knew that he very likely would never get a real answer. And so ultimately, Fun just tried to move on and he kind of tried to bury his thoughts around the business trip because it was just so raw and he just didn't have any answers. And so he just thought it was best to push it over here and just go on with life. And that strategy pretty much worked until 2 years later in November of 2021. That month, Fun met up with his manager, Sai, who was on that fateful [music] trip for drinks. So immediately after that business trip, the whole group had been so traumatized that [music] they really didn't discuss what happened much. You know, they talked about the fact that obviously Yomi had died, but nobody got into details. It was [music] just it was too raw. But now, now that some time had passed, Sai and Fun, they spent the whole time over drinks talking about Yomi and the trip. And Fun, he asked Sai if he agreed that Yomi must have just caught her illness that killed her while staying at that first hotel. Do you think that's what it was? Just an unsanitary place. She got sick. She died. Do you think that's what happened? But to Fun's surprise, Sai just shook his head and said, "No, I don't think that's what happened." Then he asked Fun if he remembered that moment in the first hotel when Fun had come out of the bathroom and found Sai sitting in front of the TV acting sort of funny. Fun's like, "Yeah, I asked you what was wrong and and you wouldn't tell me and then you said we need to switch hotels. I do remember that. I thought that was weird." And so Fun was confused by what his manager was asking him, like, "Why are you [music] asking about that moment?" And he stared at Sai. And Sai looked back at him for a really long moment. Just stared right at Fun. And then eventually he told Fun that he had it all backwards about Yomi. [music] He said, "Yomi didn't catch something from that first hotel, the hotel caught Yomi." Sai explained to Fun that while he was still in the bathroom inside of the the [music] same room, Sai said he turned on the TV. He was just watching TV for a moment and then he saw something on the TV that was impossible and it immediately indicated to him that something was terribly wrong with this hotel. He told Fun that he turned the TV [music] on and what he saw inside of the screen was Yomi. It was her face. It was like she was trapped [music] inside of the reflective surface of the the TV. And she had this look of absolute terror on her face and she was looking out at Sai like, "You have to help me. I'm I'm stuck. I'm trapped inside of here." And Sai, he said he was so frightened that his first instinct was I have to switch hotels. I need to save Yomi. But he said, you know, Fun, when you came out and you asked me what was wrong, I didn't even know how to explain what was happening. I just knew that Yomi's life was at stake here. And so Sai said to to Fun that, you know, we we [music] switched hotels, but it was already too late. Yomi's spirit was trapped inside of that [music] first hotel. It had her spirit, and so her body went [music] to the new hotel, but not with her spirit. And that's what killed her. Fun would eventually post this long account of this business trip on Chinese social media. And right away, I mean, lots of people read it and were really intrigued by it. And so, internet sleuths who were taken with [music] the story would actually locate court records from a lawsuit that was related to Yomi's death. But the lawsuit didn't really talk about, you know, all the weird stuff that that Fun detailed in his account. Really, it was just sort of matter of fact. And in fact, really all it said about her death was that it was classified [music] as sudden death caused by various complications. So there really was not a whole lot more of of meat on the story inside of the lawsuit. However, not long after Fun's story basically went viral on Chinese social media, like right as people were really trying to dig into this and see, you know, what really happened to Yomi? Like this is so weird. Was it, you know, spirits? Was it the hotel? Like what did it? but killed her. Around that same time, the Chinese government removed his post under Chinese content policies for spreading paranoia and fear. And so all that's left now from the story, at least from Fun's version of the story, are a few screenshots from people who read his account at the time and wanted to preserve it. [music] One afternoon in the spring of 1948, a 12-year-old girl named Maggie sat by an open window in her kitchen at her home in a suburb of Charlotte, North Carolina. Maggie was trying to do her homework, but she couldn't focus because the entire neighborhood was way too [music] quiet. Now, normally at this time of day, which is when Maggie typically did her homework, her neighbor would play his violin in his den, and the music always helped Maggie study. But for the past few weeks, [music] her neighbor's house had been completely silent. And the reason for that was pretty tragic. So, Maggie's neighbor was 19-year-old Kenneth [music] Null, and he was like this unbelievably talented musician. as a child, as a young child, he had been like this violin prodigy. And now, as a 19-year-old, I mean, he was [music] like on another level with how good he was at playing that instrument. And so, it was basically common knowledge that someday, probably soon, he was going to be famous. [music] However, just a few weeks ago, Kenneth had been in a terrible car accident and his right arm was completely mangled. Doctor said he would never use it again, which meant his violin career [music] was over. Maggie knew that Kenneth was just completely devastated. I mean, his whole life had been built on playing the violin. It's like, what's he going to do now? And furthermore, Maggie herself had had barely seen him leave the house since he got home from the hospital. It was like he was a shut in. It was like his life was wrecked. And so for Maggie, as she sat there by the window, you know, listening to the silence, [music] she just couldn't take it anymore. She just really wanted to help Kenneth, even if it was something small, because he really had helped her a great deal over the many times she'd done her homework listening to his music. She wanted to return the favor. So, she got up from the table and she walked over to the cupboard and she found a candy bar on the top shelf. And she decided she would go next door. She [music] would give this to Kenneth and it would cheer him up. A few minutes later, Maggie was standing on Kenneth's front porch and she had her candy bar hidden behind her back and with her other hand, she was knocking on the door. And a moment later, the door opened and it was Kenneth. And immediately, Maggie could tell that, you know, even though she knew Kenneth was probably not doing well, he looked awful. Like, he [music] was in really bad shape. His arm, his damaged arm was in a sling across his chest, and his hair was greasy, and there were bags under his eyes like he hadn't been sleeping. [music] To Maggie, it just seemed like Kenneth was extremely depressed, extremely sad. So, she did the thing she came over here to do. She pulled the candy bar out from behind her back and she handed it to him and she just said, "I hope you feel better." And Kenneth, despite looking so pained, he smiled and he looked genuinely touched by this gesture. And he actually reached out and he hugged Maggie with his good arm and he he thanked her for coming over to see him. And then Maggie, maybe against her better judgment, she told Kenneth that she really missed him playing the violin after school each day. She said that his music was so beautiful. And to Maggie's surprise, Kenneth told her not to worry about it. He promised her that he would play the violin again because if he didn't, he wouldn't want to live. One night, a few weeks later, around midnight, Maggie woke up in bed to the sound of violin music and she gasped because immediately she recognized the melody and she knew that Kenneth was playing his violin again. And Maggie was so excited that even though it was the middle of the night, she climbed out of bed. She ran down the hallway and went out her front door. A minute later, Maggie was once again standing on Kenneth's front porch. and she knew that Kenneth and his mom often left the front door unlocked. And so Maggie, who's just so excited, she just reaches down and she tries the handle and it's unlocked. And so she opens the door up, she steps [music] inside and you know, she had been listening to Kenneth's music this whole time, but it was sort of muffled cuz it's inside the house. Now she's in the the entryway of the home and she can hear it. It's so much louder and it's [music] so beautiful. And for a moment, she just stood there listening to what in her mind was like the most beautiful music she had ever heard in her life. And so she stood there just listening to the music. [music] And eventually she decides to just go into the den to go find Kenneth and actually listen to him play like right in front of her. She wanted to see it. She wanted to experience it again and she wanted to congratulate him. And so [music] into the den she goes. But the moment she steps through the threshold and she's [music] in the den, the music stops and the room is completely quiet. The house is eerily quiet. And she looks around like, "What's Did he see me? Is he Is he Is he nervous now that I'm here?" She looks around and at first she doesn't even see him. Like, he's not in the den. It's dark in the den. But then she looks at the couch and she screams. On the couch was Kenneth [music] and he was very clearly dead. His body was stiff and in his hands he was clutching his violin. A doctor would later determine that Kenneth had died of a cerebral hemorrhage a full 2 hours before [music] Maggie first heard that music. [music] Thank you so much for watching. Let me know what you thought of today's episode in the comments. And remember, we have hundreds of videos for you to binge right now. But if you're looking for a recommendation from me of that one video that's worth your time, well, it's this one right here. So give it a watch. All right, until next time. See you.