Today I'm going to share four stories that are each associated with a very haunting picture. I'm going to tell each story and at the end of each of them we will show you those pictures. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of the strange, dark, and mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right place because that's all we do and we upload two, three, even four times every week. So, if that's of interest to you, please offer to get the like button a new wireless controller for their gaming console. But don't actually get them a new one. Just cut the wire off their old one and give that to them. Also, please subscribe to our channel and turn on all notifications so you don't miss any of our weekly uploads. Okay, let's get into today's stories. On the afternoon of March 13th, 2018, a 38-year-old woman named Jeang Funshin lugged a very heavy box into her apartment in New Taipei City, Taiwan. [music] She set the box down to catch a breath. Then she looked around and she sighed because the apartment was a [music] total mess. So Jeang, even before carrying this very heavy box, she was already very exhausted from the day because she'd spent basically the entire morning working on this DIY project in the back bedroom of the apartment where Jeang [music] lived with her husband, her two kids, and her sister-in-law. Now, this project had seemed like a great idea when Jeang had started, but about partway through, it was turning out to be a whole lot more work than she had planned for, but she was committed and she was going to see this project [music] through. However, before she could get back to it, [music] she had some cleaning to do. Her sister-in-law was training for this this out of town marathon race that was being held this week, which meant her sister-in-law had basically left her her dumbbells lying all over the place. She had left her laundry all over the place. I mean, she basically treated the place like a pigsty and didn't clean up after herself. And now Jeang's husband and kids, they'd be home soon. And and she didn't want them walking into a mess. And so, you know, it turned into her responsibility to clean up after her. [music] So, Jeang walked over and began lugging these heavy dumbbells back and putting them back on the rack. And she picked up laundry and she began, you know, straightening everything up. She's wiping down surfaces. She's scrubbing the chairs. I mean, again, a lot of this is just because of the the sister-in-law, but I mean, she was just basically doing a full clean of the apartment in advance of her family coming home. And Jeang, she was literally all done with the cleaning and actually lighting a scented candle, sort of like the the exclamation point on on a job well done here. Nice and clean apartment at this point, right as her husband and kids [music] walked inside. So, it was perfect. And then for the rest of the evening, Jean was tied up with kids homework, [music] with dinner, and bedtime routines. And that's how it went for the next few days. I mean, basically between her job and the [music] kids, Jean really had no downtime to herself. And then when she did, she basically spent all of her spare time working on that DIY project, which still wasn't done, even after at this point [music] hours and hours of work and three separate trips to the store for more supplies. But it was it was a big project. And so she was just, you know, chipping along. And even though in some ways Jeang by this point was starting to kind of regret biting off such a big project, at this point [music] it was just like too late to back out. But finally by the evening of March [music] 16th, so after three exhausting days of work on this project and also maintaining her regular life responsibilities, Jeang had finished [music] her project. As such, Zong was now desperate for a break. But her husband had called to say he'd be home late. So instead of getting to relax, Jeang was stuck taking care of the kids on her own. And she had just called the kids to come in and have their dinner right as the door opened and Jeang's husband walked in. And Jeang like immediately felt a surge of relief here, thinking that, you know, finally now she could relax with him home. He was going to help. But her husband, he wasn't alone. He was followed by several police officers who immediately fanned out in the apartment and began searching. And before Jean could ask like what is going on here? Like what are they looking for? [music] The police reached that back bedroom where Jeang had done this this big DIY project and they forced the door open and Jeang [music] immediately braced for what she knew was coming. A moment later, she heard the sound of one of the officers audibly gasping. Here's the photo of what the police found inside of that back bedroom. [music] It is the project that Jeang had been working on for the last 3 days. And as you can see, it is what appears to be [music] a block of of solid cement sitting in the corner of the room. But it just so happens that this this block of cement is the rough size and shape of a person because sealed inside of that block [music] was a person. It was Jeang's sister-in-law, Ya Shiong. Jeang had grown completely fed up with Yah [music] in particular. She was really upset about, you know, the dumbbells and and all the laundry and stuff being left around the house by her sister-in-law. And so eventually Jeang had simply murdered Yeah. her sister-in-law by striking her with a dumbbell after they got into this big argument probably over [music] not cleaning up after herself. And then once she was dead, Jeang tried to cover up the murder first just [music] by cleaning up the blood and then by by covering the body in cement [music] to try to trap the smell and and obviously hide the body. It took more than 30 bags of cement mixed and poured in batches over 3 days. All while Jeang was still going to work and taking care of her kids in the next room. And Jeang, for the most part, was able to keep her family in the dark about what she was doing. But when her sister-in-law Yeah. didn't show up to work or that out of town marathon she'd been training for, Ya's co-workers contacted her brother, who was Jean's husband, and he reported his sister missing. And that's what ultimately led police back to the apartment and [music] to the DIY tomb in the back bedroom. On the morning of May 2nd, 2026, police captain Johan Pogita leaned out of a helicopter that was hovering over the Kumati River in South Africa. And as he did, he scanned the area for any signs of a threat because this particular stretch of river was enemy territory. So Yan was the commander of a dive team that specialized in rescue operations on this river. Now, normally they actually avoided this particular stretch specifically because it was controlled by this this ruthless deadly group that would attack law enforcement on site. But today, Johan and his team had come here to look for a 59-year-old man named Gabrielle Batista, who had gone missing, at least believed to have gone missing here a few days earlier. And so, as much as Johan and his team really didn't want to be here, they knew they had to go down there and look for Gabriel. And so, at this point, their mission was just like, try to figure out where he is, go down, get him, and get out as quickly as possible. And so they'd been circling for a couple of minutes above looking around for signs of Gabriel when suddenly the team sniper pointed down at something. Johan, he he looked and sort of squinted and as soon as he saw what the sniper was pointing at, it was like his throat tightened up. I mean, he was he was too high up to see it clearly. But if he was right about what he thought he was looking at here, then well, Gabriel was right below them and Gabriel was dead. But the only way to know for sure would be to go down and check. And they were not about to land these helicopters in such hostile territory. And so Johan attached his harness to the repel line [music] and he began, you know, making his way down. However, as Johan was literally mid repel, he heard a shot ring out. And so he looked up and he saw the the sniper's rifle being pulled back into the helicopter. And the sniper sort of leaned out and gave Yan a thumbs up. At which point Johan understood what had just happened and he figured, you know, now the coast was clear and it was sort of now or never. Johan knew he had to get down there and just go check. And so Yan, he continued repelling all the way almost to the end of the line and then he stopped himself and he secured himself so that he would not slip any lower on this line. So you got to picture that the helicopter is hovering. The line is just kind of dangling out the side of the helicopter. And here's Johan secured at [music] the end, sort of dangling down below, except where he was positioned was effectively right over the river at this point. And then below him was what he believed was Gabriel's dead body. Now, what Yan knew he was about to do next was it was quite risky. I mean, if if the sniper was wrong, and even though they gave the thumbs up, so the coast was clear, if they were wrong, what Johan was going to do next would almost certainly get him killed. But he had to trust his team. He had to follow procedure. And so when he was ready, Johan signaled up to the crew up in the helicopter being like, "Okay, I'm in position. I'm ready to to do the next step here." At which point, again, you got to picture him. He's dangling on the end of this rope. The helicopter lowered just enough to where Johan, still on the rope, was touching the surface of the water. And so at this point, Johan, he signals to the helicopter like, "Stop." And they did. But then, you know, as Johan is getting ready to do this this procedure, the helicopter's rotors were were kicking up so much spray off the water that he could barely see. And so he just began sort of blindly fumbling around until he found the object that he was looking for. [music] Tried not to think too hard about what he was actually touching here. And he he just kept moving his hands until he had the the cable that he had brought with him wrapped around this object and secured. Then once Johan felt like, okay, I've done my part, he signaled to the helicopter again, saying he was ready. And then a few seconds later, Johan was lifted up off the water cuz the helicopter was was rising higher into the sky. And then that cable that Johan had wrapped around this object, like there was some some slack to it. And so that was connected to him. And so this object is basically going to come up with him at some point. And so Johan's rising into the air. The line below him, this cable is getting tighter. And then the object began being pulled out of the water as well. And as soon as that happened, as Johan looked at this object, he finally got like an unobstructed clear view of what this thing actually was. And at this point, he truly understood just how dangerous this mission really had been. I mean, honestly, he could barely believe they had just pulled this off. And also, he was positive that he had Gabriel. Here is a photo that was taken at this moment of the mission. Johan is seen dangling from the helicopter's rope that he repelled down on with the object that he pulled out of the river dangling below him. And the object, as [music] you can see, is a 15 foot long Nile crocodile. And as [music] you can also see, the Nile crocodile is kind of swollen and lumpy. That's because inside of it, just as Johan and his team suspected, was the body of Gabrielle Batista. [music] So Gabrielle had been caught in a flood and swept into this part of the river that was full of Nile crocodiles. Those were the the deadly group that Johan and his his team all feared. That's why they avoided this area because of the crocodiles. And it was this crocodile in this photo that the sniper in the helicopter had shot at right before Yan repelled down and, you know, lassoed it up and hoisted it out of the water. When Yan and his team got the crocodile back to dry land, they cut it open. And inside of its stomach, they not only found Gabrielle's remains, but they also found the shoes of six other people. On June 20th, 2026, [music] a 20-year-old woman named Fries Gaul hiked up a rocky trail with a couple of friends at Yusede National Park in California. It was a very warm day, so FCA was very sweaty and she was out of breath. But when she reached the top and stepped out, I mean, it was like one of the most beautiful viewpoints in the entire park. I mean, really staggering. [music] So FA and her friends had been hiking all morning to get to this spot, which was the top of Nevada Fall. [music] And now they stood beside this rushing waterfall that dropped 600 ft into a canyon below. From the metal railing, Fries could see the entire valley and the Sierra Nevada mountain range up in the distance. And so naturally, FCA grabbed [music] her camera around her neck and she snapped a few pictures. FCA loved the outdoors and was exactly the kind of person that this kind of hike was made [music] for. And so FCA at some point told all her friends to to gather around the railing and then she took a few more photos to commemorate this glorious [music] hike. After that, they decided they would actually head a little ways back of the edge of this waterfall. They were going to go like 200 yards back [music] up the river to where the water was a little bit calmer to a shadier spot. and it was sort of like a good area that they had seen on the way here to maybe have a picnic. And so they they packed up their stuff and walked away from the edge of this waterfall to this calmer area. When they got there, they set up their picnic spot right next to a whole bunch of other hiking groups who were also sitting along the riverbank and a few people were waiting up to their ankles in the water. Fisha, after getting situated, unpacked her food and then spent the next half hour or so eating and chatting with her friends. And as they did, they they took in the view and FA of course grabbed her camera and took a few more pictures. [music] And then at some point after she was done eating, Fries was just scrolling through the photos that she had taken on this trip so far, just looking for anything that might make a good Instagram post. When at some point, one of the pictures, [music] or specifically something in one of the pictures, caught her eye. She stared at [music] it for a second on the viewfinder and then she zoomed in and looked closer. And when she realized what she was seeing, she gasped and dropped the camera. A few seconds later, one of Fries's friends who was packing up their lunch heard a splashing sound and they turned around and they saw Fisha waiting all the way into the river still wearing her clothes. which made no sense because even though the water looked calm, swimming this close to the top of the waterfall was really dangerous. And also this friend was thinking like Fries of all people should really know like this is not the thing to be doing right now because FCA had spent years working as a lifeguard. Like safety around the water was sort of her thing. And so the friend just shouted out to Fisha to be like, "What are you doing?" But Fries appeared to be on some sort of mission here because she completely ignored the friend and just kept splashing further from the bank basically out towards the rapids. And then the friend like in horror watched as FCA's head got pulled down under the water out in the river. The current spun FCA upside down and then dragged her over the rocks at the bottom. She scrambled to to fight the current, but it was it was useless. And soon she knew she was literally going to be swept over the edge of the Nevada fall, the 600 foot waterfall. And so as this is happening, FCA is realizing she has made a terrible mistake. And so now she's she's fully panicking and she fought her way up to the surface as best as she could, using all her energy, and she she manages to get a quick breath. And as her head is above the surface of the water, she sees the waterfall looming now just a couple hundred feet away from her. And also in the split second she sees there are all these people on the riverbank that clearly know she's in the water. She's in trouble and they're shouting for her swim to them. Like as if that's going to happen. Like she knows she can't get out of this current. She can barely keep her head above the surface of the water. And so as she was pulled back under and she's getting tossed around in the current, all she's thinking about is like she remembered that when she was a lifeguard, her instructors had drilled one rule about water safety into her and the other lifeguards. And it was a rule that they said mattered more than anything else they would ever teach them. But today, FCA had knowingly ignored that rule. And now, very likely, she was about to die because of it. But then a moment later, sort of miraculously, the current sort of shifted and suddenly her head had bobbed up above the surface of the water. She caught her breath and she was looking in the direction she was going and she saw there was someone holding a walking stick out over the river. And FA knew this is like literally her last shot at surviving this. So, she lunged for the stick, but missed and the river pulled her back under again. And so, now it's like it's over. the waterfall is seconds away. And so [music] with the little bit of strength she had left, she's, you know, she's totally out of breath. She's totally panicked. She fought to get one more breath, one more time, get to the surface. Maybe she can grab something. And she she punches her head up out of the water. And there is that person with the stick. They've moved farther down again. They're holding it out. It's closer to her. And she lunges again. This is all she's got. It's all of her energy. And she grabs onto the stick. And as FCA felt herself being reeled back into the bank, she looked over her shoulder just in time to see the the thing that had caught her attention in that photo that prompted her to rush into the water. She watched it as [music] it disappeared over the edge of the waterfall. Here's the photo that Fries took that ultimately prompted her to [music] run into the river. It's a shot of that river and in the foreground there's this the shallow area with calm water [music] but in the background there are very choppy rapids. You can see the white water the the churn of the water there. And if you zoom in you can see very clearly there is a man's head bobbing basically in those rapids or about to be pulled into those rapids and his head is is very low in the water because he was actually drowning. That man was 22-year-old Jose Byresz Alfaro. Fisha noticed him while she was taking pictures. Basically, she had just taken her last photo. She turned her camera around. She was looking through her pictures and she sees his head and she knows, you know, being a lifeguard and frankly, if you just look at the photo, it doesn't look right. She's she knows he's struggling like he's going to drown. And so, operating on instinct, she went in after him. forgetting the one water safety rule her lifeguard instructors had drilled into her above everything else. Not even forgetting it. She just threw it out the window. She was operating on again, just pure instinct. And that rule was to never go in after a drowning person if it has the high potential to turn one victim into two. Basically, if you're going to go in there and they're going to pull you down and there's no support system around you and it's just you two out there, very likely two people are going to drown. And [music] so the rule was you just avoid it. Fries got to within arms reach of Joe before the current dragged her under. The people on the bank did manage to pull her out seconds before she would have been swept over the waterfall, but [music] nobody could get to Joe. And so Joe fell over the edge and [music] died. A little after 8:00 p.m. on the night of January 20th, 2008, a 37year-old woman named Lou drove her scooter through the streets of Yuan Lin, which is a small city in Taiwan. Lou's four-year-old daughter rode in front of her on the scooter, sort of between the handlebars and Lou, so that she wouldn't slip off. So Lou was not just out for a ride. She was running away from a very bad marriage. Things with her husband had been very ugly [music] for years. And that night, it had boiled over into a huge, huge fight. Lou had finally just had enough. So when her husband was out of the room, [music] she grabbed her coat and her daughter and left. Now, Lou had no intention of really ever going back, but it was also January and it was very cold and her daughter was starting to fall asleep against her chest. And so [music] Lou knew that she couldn't just, you know, keep driving all night. She needed to stop somewhere soon. A few minutes later, Lou pulled up in front of a high-rise in the city's financial district. She turned off the scooter. She scooped up her daughter, and she carried her over to the front door [music] and rang the buzzer. When the door opened, the building manager looked out at her inquisitively like, "What's going on?" But before he could ask her any questions, Lou very confidently told him that she was just here to visit a friend who lived on the 11th floor. And then before he could protest, she just slipped past him into the lobby. Now, the building manager did not seem particularly happy about this, but he didn't stop her. So Lou just walked across the lobby over to the elevator and hit the call button. When the door opened, she got on, still holding her daughter. And then once she was in the elevator car, she turned and looked up at the security camera that was anchored in the upper corner of the elevator car. And then a moment later, the elevator doors closed. 8 days later, on January 28th, that same building manager who had opened the door for Lou and her daughter hurried across the lobby of that same high-rise building because once again, someone was buzzing to be let in. But this time when he opened the door, instead of finding a a resident or a visitor, he found two police officers waiting outside. And they looked very serious. And they showed him a couple of photos of a woman and a young girl who the building manager immediately recognized as that mother and daughter that he had led into the building on the night of January 20th. The officers told him that the woman's name was Lou, and that they'd been looking for her and her daughter ever since Lou's husband had reported them missing about a week ago. And now they just found Lou's scooter parked in front of this building, which made them think that Lou and her daughter could be inside. And this information kind of spooked the building manager because ever since his encounter with the woman and the girl, he'd been feeling really freaked out. Now, he had tried to tell himself that, you know, the sort of visceral reaction he was having to like what the heck's going on with these two, that it was nothing, you know, that his concerns were were nothing more than the result of some kind of a very strange misunderstanding. But, but now being confronted by two police officers saying, "These two are missing and we think they're [music] here." It sort of reinvigorated his fears that something was off here, that something was was wrong with this woman and the child. And so the building manager told the officers that they better come inside because there was something that they definitely wanted to see. The building manager took the officers back to his office and when they got there, he quickly pulled up the security camera footage from the night when Lou and her daughter arrived. And the building manager angled the monitor so the officers could watch. And then he fast forwarded the footage to the moment where Lou and her daughter got onto the elevator. The footage shows the inside of the elevator because the camera is anchored in the top corner of the car [music] and Lou is standing in the center and she's holding her daughter and she begins to look around first in the direction of the control panel and then directly up toward the camera. After that, she puts her daughter down and very calmly she takes off her jacket and places it in the corner of the elevator. And then she takes off her shoes and sets them next to her [music] jacket. Then she bends down and helps her daughter out of her coat and her shoes and adds those to the pile. And now that they're both barefoot, Lou picks her daughter back up and just appears to wait. And then when the elevator stops and the doors slide open, the video shows Lou hurrying out into the hallway with her daughter, leaving their coats and their shoes behind. At this point, the building manager stopped the video footage. The officers immediately looked at him expectantly, asking to see, you know, what happened next. But the building manager told them that there was nothing else. Because after this moment, when they run off into the hallway, Lou and her daughter seemed to have just ceased to exist. The surveillance cameras recorded them getting off on the 11th floor and then walking away from the elevator barefoot, no jackets. But after that, [music] they just disappear. They never took the elevator back down again or passed [music] through any of the other cameras posted all around the building and all over the exits outside. I mean, there was literally no exit door or elevator without a camera watching, which meant they literally could not have left without being caught on video. But the building manager after seeing them go inside and seeing this weird [music] procession of removing their clothes and their shoes, you know, he was already sort of suspicious that did they really know somebody on the 11th floor. He didn't really know. He had checked the footage, saw them get off on the 11th floor and checked the other footage and found there was no more of them. Like they never left. They just again vanish. [music] Now, logically, what that meant, you know, if you're just sort of looking at this objectively, is that, okay, well, Lou and her daughter must still be somewhere on the 11th floor. They don't need to to pass by security cameras to confirm that. They went up there and they [music] stayed there. But the building manager went up to the 11th floor and extensively searched the entire floor on multiple days, [music] and they were never found. The cops, after seeing this footage, speaking to the building manager, they themselves would launch a pretty significant search of the entire building as well. Actually, for weeks, checking inside the apartments, the stairwells, the roof, the the surrounding streets, reviewing all the footage again and again. They would also make sure there was no way that they could have maybe jumped maybe from the 11th floor out a window to a to a neighboring building or maybe escaped through a secret passage to the basement or something. like they checked everywhere. They even went inside the water tower on top of the building, thinking, you know, maybe they somehow got up there, but they were not found. It really was like they literally just vanished. In the years since their disappearance, people on the internet have come up with all sorts of theories like the possibility that Lou took her own life along with her daughters, or maybe that her husband followed them there and killed them. But no bodies were ever found despite again hundreds or maybe even thousands of hours of [music] searches being done in and around the area of that building. However, because of that, because of this just unbelievable anomaly that somehow these two people vanished the way they did, [music] that's led other people online to speculate that, you know, maybe Lou and her daughter actually escaped [music] a very toxic life back at home with Lou's husband. This theory says that Lou knew her husband would call the police once she and her daughter took off and that the police [music] would search for her and ultimately bring her back. And so somehow, you know, maybe she did some deep planning in advance or something, she figured out how to evade all the security measures and all the cameras at this particular building and then ultimately fled [music] the city. What seems to give additional credit to this theory is that when police searched this building, they asked everybody who lived there if they knew Lou. Because remember when she showed up, she's like, "My friends are on the 11th floor." She knew she was going to the 11th floor. But nobody in the whole building, including anybody on the 11th floor, had ever heard of Lou or her daughter. So why the 11th floor? Why did she take her clothes off in the elevator? like it's all weird, but maybe maybe she had a plan. But regardless of what you believe, today that high-rise building [music] is considered to be haunted, basically because of this story. Here is the photo of Lou and her daughter. Is the last photo anyone has of them alive. Thank you so much for watching. Let me know what you thought of today's episode in the comments. And remember, we have hundreds of videos for you to binge right now. But if you're looking for a recommendation from me of that one video that's worth your time, well, it's this one right here. So give it a watch. All right, until next time. See you.