Today, I'm going to share four stories that are not at all what they seem. You might think you know what's happening, but the reality is much stranger than you could ever imagine. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of the strange, dark, and mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right place because that's all we do and we upload two, three, even four times every week. So, if that's of interest to you, please steal the like button's phone and replace all of their photos with photos of yourself. Also, please subscribe to our channel and turn on all notifications so you don't miss any of our weekly uploads. Okay, let's get into today's stories. One afternoon in August of 1578, a young woman named Alice Good stood with her parents outside of their house in the city of Norwich, England with a huge crowd of people all around them. The streets of Norwich were completely packed [music] because Elizabeth, the Queen of England, had just arrived for a royal visit to the city. [music] and basically everybody was outside and waiting to just catch a glimpse of her and her enormous 2,000 person entourage as they rode through the city's main [music] street. Now, the city of Norwich had been preparing for this visit for months, and they had pulled out all the stops. [music] They'd completely renovated the city's palace, and they'd planned this huge reception and festival for the queen, including tons of entertainment like dancing and theater. And all this excitement and anticipation had really infected the locals. So this visit was literally all [music] anybody had been talking about. And now it was finally here. Now Alice could hear a roar of cheers. And she looked down the street to see the beginning of the royal procession finally coming in her direction. And so she threw her arms around her mother's shoulders and excitement. And they watched as the queen came into view riding on top of this magnificent horse. Alice just stared in complete awe at all of the queen's opulent fabrics [music] and jewels. And even when she'd gone past, the rest of her entourage was just as amazing. I mean, the procession kept going on and on and on with thousands of well-dressed people in carriages and on horseback. They were all so beautiful and so [music] important seeming that Alice couldn't even believe she was breathing the same air as [music] them. And so she just knew that she would remember this moment for the [music] rest of her life. A few months later, Alice was lying on the floor of her house next to a bed, sicker than she had ever been in her whole life. She was [music] covered in huge, runny blisters and had a terrible fever. And her body was so weak she could barely move. But she was in better shape than her parents who lay together on the bed, both deceased. So, the queen and her massive entourage hadn't just brought good times and revalry during their visit. They'd also brought the bubanic plague [music] with them. And shortly after they had left, the plague had completely ravaged the city. And this disease was so contagious. And it was so painful. The only silver lining of sorts was that most people who contracted this this disease at least seemed to die pretty quickly before the pain and misery really set in. But that also meant that by this point, thousands of Norwitch's residents had died in just a matter of a few months. In fact, it had gotten so bad that Queen Elizabeth herself had directly gotten involved, issuing a series of health protocols like isolation and maskearing to try to stem the spread of this plague. But even so, the deaths were coming so fast that the city couldn't keep up with burials. And so, bodies were piled up in carts in the street or thrown into mass graves. [music] And even those places were running out of room. So instead of city officials [music] literally going around and collecting every single corpse of a plague victim, city officials had begun just [music] finding out where, you know, someone had died from the plague, you know, often in their homes. And then they would just not remove the body and they would just [music] board that house up, basically seal it off, keeping the corpse inside, sort of isolated from the rest of the [music] world. And so now Alice from her position on the ground looked up at the bed where her parents' bodies were. Her family had all basically managed to stay healthy for a long time after the plague had originally broken out and everybody else seemed to be getting sick. They were they were doing okay, her family. But then just a few days ago, it was like one by one by one, they had all gotten sick. Alice had been the last to start showing symptoms. So, she'd been able to to take care of her parents and and get them food, but now there was no one around to do that for her. Then, she heard something outside. There were some voices who were talking by her front door, followed by the sound of hammering. It took Alice a minute to realize what was even happening. But when she did, she understood that her house was being boarded up. Clearly, one of her neighbors must have reported that her family had gotten sick. You know, they told city officials. And since no one had gone in or out in days, they must have assumed that everyone in the house was dead. Alice opened her mouth to to yell out that she was still alive, like, "Don't do this yet." But the plague had made her throat so raw and her tongue was like dead weight that all she could manage was this little whimper, like barely audible. And again, she's so weak from the plague that was killing her, that she couldn't actually move. She couldn't get to the front door to tell them to stop. And so Alice just had to lie there next to her dead parents and listen to the people outside seal her in. And then finally she heard one of the Mishsua command to to [music] mark the house. And Alice knew what that meant. They were putting a red cross [music] on the door, a symbol that let people know not to enter for 40 days so that the plague [music] could die off. And so Alice knew at this point, you know, like one way or another, by the time they opened that door again, she'd be dead, too. Either from the plague, which seemed very likely, or from starvation, whichever came first. 40 days later, a city official used a crowbar to pry some wood away from Alice's boarded up house. He was with a few other officials and their job was to go inside of these homes and remove whatever corpses were there and then clean and sterilize the place. Once they had the boards off, the official opened up the front door [music] and stepped inside. Now, to this point, he had done a lot of these homes and so what he found when he entered this home was not very surprising to him. When he eventually found his way to the bedroom, he found Alice [music] and her parents and they were, you know, decomposing corpses at this point. Alice was on the floor and her parents were still on the bed and they were all covered in boils and had very obviously died from the plague. But as the official and his team actually got to work, he noticed something odd about these bodies. At first, he actually didn't even understand what he was looking at. Like the the discrepancy he had noticed, it just it didn't compute. He couldn't really understand it. But after inspecting each of the bodies, a horrifying thought [music] entered his mind because from what he was seeing, he knew something even more terrible than the plague had happened here. It is believed that Alice had been too [music] weak to find a way out of her boarded up home and get food. And so, in order to stave off hunger and [music] survive for as long as she could, she used the only food source that she had that was physically near her. The odd thing that that official had noticed when he was first looking at the bodies were Alice's parents. There were chunks of flesh missing from their legs. And when he looked inside of Alice's mouth, he found chunks of skin and flesh. So it [music] was deduced that Alice, you know, in her desperation had begun eating her parents like just to survive, you know, to survive until the 40 days were up so she could maybe get out of here. But it appeared that obviously despite taking such a drastic step that the plague had still claimed her life. But upon even closer examination, they determined that Alice didn't die from the plague. She died from choking on her parents' flesh. [music] On the night of January 26th, 2005, a man named Michael sat in this dimly lit room in Washington DC with a dozen military officials sitting around him. America was in the middle of the Iraq war and everybody in this room was on edge because earlier that day a marine helicopter had crashed during a sandstorm and it had killed 31 people. And so the whole room is just kind of waiting to see what's going to happen. And then just then a commander [music] rushed into the room with this grave look on his face. And Michael as soon as he looked at this guy he knew [music] that whatever he was about to say it was going to be very bad. And the commander, who was was very out of breath, he told the room that he had just been informed that there was a guided missile headed straight for them. And Michael, when he heard this, it was like it didn't even compute at first, but then when it did, he he practically jumped out of his chair, but he tried to stay calm as he he asked the commander like, "What's the plan?" But the commander's voice cracked as he said, "There was no plan. The missiles coordinates were set for their exact location and there wasn't time to escape. They basically had, you know, seconds or maybe minutes to live here. And so Michael, it was like he fully panicked, completely freaked out. His heart was practically beating out of his chest. I mean, he'd been in all kinds of dangerous situations before, but now that he was facing certain [music] death, he just completely lost his composure and his survival instincts took over. And so he just started running. He sprinted out of the room and down the hallway, but there was no door up ahead. So he just jumped through a window. He smashed into the ground, pulled himself up, and kept on running. And with [music] every step, he felt glass shards slicing into his feet. Every bone in his body achd, and he was he was dizzy and disoriented. But he knew he had to keep going if there was any chance at surviving. And so he's running along here and he looks over his shoulder to see if the missile was heading towards the building yet. But what he saw behind him was so confusing that he just stopped because Michael was now standing on the front lawn of the Lita Inn in Walaw Wallala, Washington State, and he [music] was just in his underwear. It would turn out Michael was not actually a soldier. He did not work in DC with other military officials. Instead, he was the famous comedian Mike Burbiglia, [music] and he'd fallen asleep while watching the news and had a nightmare that a missile was coming for him. And in his sleep, he'd gotten out of bed and ran [music] and jumped through the seconds story window of his hotel room. And he finally came to and woke up as he was sort of running across the the front lawn, badly hurt, covered in blood and broken glass. He ultimately needed 30 stitches in his arms and legs. And he ended up seeing a sleepwalking specialist to make sure this never [music] happened again. And this whole crazy experience became the inspiration for Mike's book and feature film, Sleepwalk with Me. At 6 p.m. on the evening of June 7th, 1971, a 34year-old late night TV host named Dick Cavitt walked onto a sound stage in [music] New York City. He sat down in one of these swivel chairs that was set up at the center of the stage and then he [music] turned to face the studio audience and he launched into his typical opening monologue just like he did five nights [music] a week. So, the Dick Cavit show had been airing for a little over a year at this point. [music] And while it was a quality show, it was struggling in the ratings department. [music] The network had been pressuring Kit to fix it by bringing on famous guests. They wanted to see more movie stars, athletes, and other household names. [music] And Cit had been trying, but tonight the big star that he had lined up had dropped out at the last minute. [music] And the new guy his producers had found as a replacement was really not much of a star at all. His name was Ji Rodale [music] and he was a 72-year-old health guru and organic food advocate who talked about things like eating raw vegetables and [music] not using pesticides. And Cit didn't really have a problem with any of that, but he had serious doubts [music] that it would make for good late night TV. But even though he had misgivings about his now main guest here, he'd run out of time to find anybody [music] else. And now the cameras were literally rolling. So CIT had no choice but to try and make the best of it. At first, the show seemed to be going pretty smoothly. [music] Cavitt nailed the opening monologue like he usually did, and then he got into the guest segments. At first he interviewed a comedian and then he interviewed a famous scientist and then finally it was time for the [music] main guest, the the health guru. The band played and Ji Rodale walked out onto the stage with a [music] big grin on his face waving at the audience. He was an elderly man with glasses and a gray beard, but he looked spelt. He [music] looked very fit as you would imagine a health guru would. And then when he sat down in the chair next to CIT, Cavitt internally, like in his mind, was sort of bracing himself, thinking that this is probably the point where people at home who are watching this are going to change the channel cuz this guy's not [music] that interesting. But then Rodale, his guest, began talking and all of Cavid's worries evaporated [music] because for a guy in his 70s, Rodale was like brimming with energy. He was charming. He was articulate. And somehow he was able to make organic vegetables funny. [music] He had this earnest, self-deprecating humor where he could be really passionate and sincere while laughing at himself at the same [music] time. At one point, he claimed that his diet had made him so healthy that he hadn't even hurt himself while falling down an entire flight [music] of stairs the day before the taping, which just made everybody laugh at the fact that he'd been that clumsy in the first place. But like, it was a great joke. It was a good line. And so Roddale just went on and on about how healthy he felt, you know, despite his age and how he was going to live to be a hundred easily. And so as the segment began to wind down and come to a close, Dick Cave was thrilled by how well this had gone. And also he was kind of buying into Roddale's perspective because if this guy was this funny and energetic at 72, [music] then maybe there was there was something to this organic produce thing after all. And so around this point, the band began to play more music, at which point Rodale moved down one chair away from Dick Cavitt to make room for Cavitt's next guest. This one was a crime journalist, and Cavitt had been hoping, you know, because of that, this would be an exciting conversation. But just a few minutes in, the guest started getting really bogged down in statistics [music] and local politics. It was really not very engaging. Cavitt was trying to sort of redirect the journalist and, you know, kind of liven things back up again when he heard a loud snore coming from Rodale's chair. And at this, the audience started to laugh and David realized that Rodale was doing a bit, implying that this segment was so boring it was putting him to sleep. He was literally laying there sleeping. But instead of being upset about this, Cave actually found this to [music] be pretty hilarious because it just showed how good Roddale was at reading the room. So he decided to roll with it and try to pull Rodale into this very boring conversation to liven it up. And so he turned to face Rodale, who was literally leaning back in his chair with his mouth open and this very exaggerated snoring posture. It was so over the top the audience at this point was just losing it, laughing outright. And the journalist is like, "What's going on here?" But then Cavitt took a closer look at Rodale and he realized something was terribly wrong. It would turn out Ji Rodale was not actually doing a bit. He had not fallen asleep. He was not actually snoring from sleeping. The health guru had suffered a massive heart attack [music] and died on stage. All while the cameras rolled and the audience watched. So obviously when this discovery was made, this episode did not finish taping. And when [music] the 11:30 slot rolled around, when the Dick Cavit showed this episode was supposed to air, ABC ran a rerun in its place. One day, sometime in the spring, a very delirious 18-year-old Austrian man named Andreas Mihavich opened his eyes and found himself lying in a cold, dark room that he did not recognize. He thought he could hear footsteps echoing from far away, but he really wasn't sure because he had no idea where he was or when it was or why he was here at all. He knew he had not had anything to eat or drink in a very long time because he was famished. He was dehydrated. He he could feel that. And he also could literally sort of see and feel that his body and his mind were were shutting down. And so at this point, all he knew was he was inside of a dark cell, like some kind of a dungeon with four brick walls and a mattress that earlier he had been lying on and a bucket in the corner that he'd been using for a toilet. The only light that came into this room, which was very little, came from a slot on the locked metal door. But that door never opened, even though Andreas had spent a long time screaming [music] and banging on it. And so now he blinked in the very dim light, listening hard for these these [music] distant footsteps, but now there was nothing. Andreas could not recall what he was doing that sort of led to him being here. Whether or not it caused it, he didn't know. But it's like his mind was blank when he [music] looked to the past. But he knew whatever he had done that had put him here must have been unthinkably [music] evil because this his current existence was literally the worst torture he could imagine. The emptiness in his stomach was excruciating but the thirst was somehow even worse. So he forced himself to turn so that [music] he was facing one of the four walls. And slowly he he stuck his tongue out and licked the condensation off the brick. Then he just closed his eyes again and [music] felt himself drift back into unconsciousness. The next time Andreas woke up, the footsteps [music] were back, but louder than before. And so he forced his eyes open and he focused on the door [music] just as a shadow moved past that slot. Then a pair of eyes appeared and they looked at him. And Andreas, he looked right back. But he didn't bother lifting his head or asking for help because this had happened twice before. And when he had begged whoever was out there for food and for water, they just told him it wasn't their concern and they had walked away. So now Andreas held eye contact with this this phantom person for a few seconds. But then he just shut his own eyes again because he knew that whoever was out there was not going to help him. The only way he was ever getting out of here was by dying. But then Andreas heard the sound of metal scraping like metal grinding on metal followed by the screech [music] of rusty hinges and then the sound of someone walking toward him. Then he he felt himself being lifted off the mattress into the air and he opened his eyes to find himself suddenly out of this horrible room and and moving down this long hallway. And then he was going up a flight of stairs and then finally out into just blinding light. His eyes slowly adjusted and and as they did, figures started coming into focus all around him. And [music] when Andreas blinked a few times and took a minute to really take in his surroundings, he saw he was now in this large, very brightly lit room, surrounded by all these people wearing these crisp [music] blue uniforms. Then something just sort of clicked in his memory, and he realized this was definitely [music] a police station. But something was was clearly wrong because all the police officers were staring at him in shocked silence, looking just [music] absolutely horrified. It would turn out Andreas had not been locked up as punishment for some unthinkably evil crime as he began to suspect, but instead just because of a clerical [music] error. On April 1st, 1979, Andreas was the passenger in a minor car crash in the town of Husht, Austria. After the accident, Andreas and his friend, who had been driving the car, were both taken to the local police station for questioning. The officers put Andreas in a holding cell in the [music] basement while they questioned his friend, and they forgot about him. Two different officers [music] did see Andreas inside of that basement cell, but they just assumed somebody else must be taking care of him, right? Like, it's not my responsibility, it's it's somebody else's. That was why an officer, you know, after Andreas had been screaming for help just said to him it wasn't their concern because they literally thought somebody else was dealing with Andreas. [music] Andreas's mother eventually called the police looking for her son. And at that point, the police filed a missing person's report. But they never considered that Andreas might still be at the station [music] until an officer happened to pass by that basement cell and noticed a horrible smell [music] coming from inside. When the police finally figured out their mistake and went down to that basement cell and discovered Andreas, it was April [music] 18th, 1979. Andreas had been held in the cell without food, without water, basically completely isolated [music] for 18 days. He was barely alive. He had lost 50 lbs. But somehow he was hanging on, barely barely alive, barely mentally able to function, but he was alive and he would make a recovery. And to this day, Andreas holds the world record for surviving longer than anyone in history without [music] food or water. Thank you so much for watching. Let me know what you thought of today's episode in the comments. And remember, we have hundreds of videos for you to binge right now. But if you're looking for a recommendation from me of that one video that's worth your time, well, it's this one right here. So, give it a watch. All right, until next time. See you.