Today, I'm going to tell you two stories that are both true crime cases. And in each of these cases, [music] the evidence, at least initially, just it it didn't make sense. But as more evidence came in and the police uncovered more and more information, the more bizarre the whole case got. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of the strange, dark, and mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right place because that's all we do, and we upload two, three, even four times every week. So, if that's of interest to you, please offer to make the like button a burrito, but don't tell them it's made with cheese and cat food. Also, please subscribe to our channel and turn on all notifications so you don't miss any of our weekly uploads. Okay, let's get into today's stories. [music] On the morning of July 18th, 2016, a 17-year-old boy named Mike Monzhold walked into a bike rental shop on a harbor in Malta, which is an island just south of Italy. [music] And as soon as he walked in there, Mike saw all these rows of mountain bikes lining the walls. And right away he got very excited for the day ahead because he was planning with one of these bikes to literally bike across the entire [music] island and explore the Roman ruins that were all over the countryside. And so Mike walked up to the front counter and he asked the clerk for a one-day rental. And while the clerk went off to get him his [music] bike, Mike grabbed one of the folded up maps that was sitting on the counter and he opened it up. So Mike was from a small town in Germany and he had flown out here to Malta 10 days earlier to visit his [music] girlfriend who was here studying abroad. And so far the trip really had been awesome. He had spent some excellent time with his girlfriend and really it had just been [music] great. But Mike only had a few more days left in Malta before he had to fly back home. And he just wanted to [music] do something exciting, something else beyond just seeing his girlfriend. So the previous night, Mike had checked himself into a hotel near the harbor specifically so he could spend the rest of his trip exploring the island on his own. And this was actually going to be like a really big deal for him because he had actually traveled all over the world with his father. So he had done lots of traveling, but this was going to be his first real solo experience. [music] And so now in the bike shop, as the clerk was still busy getting Mike's bike, Mike grabbed a pen and he began circling spots on the map that he had laid out in front of him to [music] sort of designate where he might want to go on his his solo trip here. And so he looked around and he eventually decided that the catacombs [music] in the center of the map, the very center of the island, would be a good start point. So he circled that. [music] And then over on the west side of the island was these these cliffs, these very scenic cliffs that he had been told were were very beautiful. And so he figured he'd go catacombs [music] and go over to the west side and he would he would ride those cliffs and then you know sort of spider off from there. [music] The clerk came back over and told Mike he was all set. And then he charged Mike for the bike and also for the map. And then afterwards, Mike headed over to the actual bike that was parked in the store. And after saying bye to the clerk, Mike wheeled the bike outside onto the sidewalk. And then once he was outside, Mike stopped. He pulled off his backpack. He looked inside to make sure he had all the things he needed. And then once he was certain, he zipped it back up, threw it on his back, and got ready to go. But before he actually began pedaling off, he pulled out his phone, and he sent his father a voice message saying that [music] he was about to go on this big solo adventure, and he would send pictures throughout the day. After that, Mike put his phone away. He began pedaling, and off he went. Later that same night, Mike's father, whose name was Baron Manshold, was sitting in a hotel room in Croatia, over 600 miles away from Malta. Baron was actually on his own solo vacation, which was not all that unusual for him. But for right now, he was actually just really looking forward to seeing how his son's his big bike ride, his first, you know, solo trip, how it had gone that day, cuz he had been told he would get pictures and and updates. But so far, his son had not sent any of the pictures that he said he would. And he wasn't answering his phone. Like over the last few days, when Baron had called his son, he just wasn't getting a response, which was like really out of character. So that night, Baron called Mike's mother in Germany to see if maybe she had heard from their son, but she said no. And it would turn out that Mike's girlfriend, who was actually in Malta. She hadn't heard from him either. Now Baron told himself that, you know, his son was just busy adventuring. You know, he's off on this solo trip. He's having a great time. Like, he's just gotten caught up in it. And who knows about cell service, you know, so he's just telling himself that it's fine and he shouldn't worry about it. like he's done lots of solo adventuring and he knows how it can be sometimes. Very, you know, intoxicating to go out there on your own. But the next day on July 22nd, Baron found out from Mike's mother that Mike had missed his flight back home to Germany. And now his mom was on her way to the police to report their son missing. [music] And so Baron, when he heard this, he immediately had this this sickening feeling that something was really wrong here. And so he told Mike's mom that he would get on the next flight to Malta and he would go look for [music] their son. 3 days later, so now 8 days after Mike's family had last heard from him, his father Bar was standing on the steps of the hotel where he was staying in Malta, surrounded by a group of reporters. [music] Baron was actually holding a press conference about his son's disappearance. And by this point, I mean, he was completely desperate. So, when Baron had landed in Malta just a couple of days earlier, he'd quickly learned that the local police had actually already set up search parties for Mike because staff at Mike's hotel had apparently reported him missing days before Mike's family [music] had. But for whatever reason, the Maltese police never contacted Bar or Mike's [music] mother. And even though Baron had thought that was really weird, like the idea they would do that without contacting him, that seemed totally improper, you know, he didn't really know what else to do other than sort of jump [music] into action and just try to help the Maltese police search the island because, you know, his objective here is not to complain. It's to to [music] find his son. But so far, even with Baron's help, there had been no sign of Mike. But, you know, Baron and the police were not about to give up yet. In fact, that's why Baron was now doing this press conference. And so Baron, he issued his prepared statement to the media, basically begging anybody with information about Mike to please come forward. And when he was done, he thanked the reporters for coming out, and then he headed back into his hotel. But as he was walking towards the elevator, his cell phone rang. Baron pulled his phone out of his pocket and he recognized the number as the local Maltese police station. And so he knew this call had to be about Mike, which immediately made his heart race. And so Baron, he answered the phone and the officer on the other line told him that they did have some news. A few hours later, Baron was standing over a metal table in the morg at the local medical examiner's office. He choked back tears as the medical examiner pulled back a sheet and revealed Mike's body. The medical examiner asked Bar if he could formally identify [music] his son, and Bar, as he's crying, just nodded. While Baron was standing there just staring at his son's lifeless body, still very much in shock, the medical examiner began to explain what he thought might have happened to his son. He explained that Mike had been found in this rocky crevice at the bottom of a cliff on the west side of the island. [music] And so it seemed very likely, considering he was clearly biking, that he sort of biked off the cliff and fell to his death. The examiner said that he'd been dead for about 8 days, which [music] meant, just for reference, that he must have died, you know, hours after he had sent that last message to his father, that voice message saying how he was going on this trip, and he would send pictures. He basically died right after that. And so the medical examiner, he went on to say that, you know, the search parties had been looking in that area, but they hadn't found Mike, at least not at first, because his body had not been visible from the top of the cliff. he was sort of way down inside of that crevice. And so Baron, he's standing there doing his best to take in this new information from the medical examiner and he's trying to process kind of everything that's happened here, but it was really hard to do that. And also, for some reason, as he was just like processing things, it was like he couldn't quite explain it, but he just suddenly thought about the fact that his son always traveled with a backpack. [music] And so because of that, he likely would have had his his phone, his wallet, and any other stuff that he was carrying in the bag with him when he fell and died. And for Band, you know, a a newly grieving father here, it suddenly felt like the most important thing in the world to just have his son's belongings. He had to have them. And so at some point, Baron looked up at the medical examiner and just said, "Where is my son's backpack?" And the medical examiner looked back at Baron and sort of looked confused for a minute and then just said, "There was no backpack." They looked, it was just his body. Nothing else was found. About an hour later, Baron parked his rental car at the bottom of those cliffs on the west side of the island. And right away, he could see a patch of grass that was surrounded by yellow police tape right up ahead. And he knew that had to be where his son was found. And that was good because Baron was here quite literally to see where his son had died to hopefully maybe get some sense of closure and also to maybe find the backpack that police apparently hadn't found. And so Baron he climbed out of the car and he began walking over to this taped off area. And as he did he he scanned the cliffs that sort of overlooked this area. They're like over a 100 feet tall. I mean they're pretty imposing cliffs. and all he could think of was his son careening off the cliff and falling down to his death. It was like a horrible image. But Baron continued walking and he took his eyes off the cliffs and just began scanning around down below to see if he could just see a backpack thinking maybe the the police weren't looking for it and that's why no one had found it yet. But, you know, he's looking around and he doesn't see any backpacks. However, he does see something that was weird. a bicycle that he assumed must have been his son's rental was stuck in a nearby bush like it had gotten caught there when Mike had fallen off the cliff. But the bike when he walked up to it didn't have a scratch on it like it was pristine. So Baron didn't understand how it could have fallen off of this 100 ft plus cliff and and been perfectly okay. Like how did the bike not sustain any damage? And then as he's sort of looking at this [music] bike, he looks over at the patch of grass, the taped off section of grass where presumably his son had been laying, and he notices the grass had been freshly cut. Like it definitely had been mowed by a lawn mower in the last few days. But then Baron's thinking, my son was only found 6 hours ago, and supposedly he had been laying in this spot where he fell off the cliff for an entire week. And so, how could the grass have been cut in the last few days without someone finding my son's body? Baron wasn't sure what to make of all this, but he got this feeling that between Mike's missing backpack, the pristine rental bike, and the recently mowed grass, something about his son's death was just not adding up. And so, he started to feel like the police in Malta might be missing something. A week later, inside the morg at the University of Hanover back in Germany, a doctor stood at an autopsy table looking down at Mike's body, which had arrived from Malta earlier that morning. [music] So Mike's body had actually already been autopsied once back in Malta. But a few days ago, Baron had arranged for his son to be flown back home to Germany from Malta to be taken to this university for a second autopsy because Baron did not believe that the police in Malta had really done a good enough job. Like he felt like there was more to the story than what he was being told. Now, this German doctor who was tasked with the second autopsy had already read over the original autopsy report, so he knew what to expect. Mike clearly had died from blunt force trauma. consistent with falling off a cliff. Like there was no question that's how he died. And so this doctor assumed, you know, this second autopsy would just be pretty quick and simple. He'd basically confirm what already was known, which is this was an [music] unfortunate tragedy and that's how Mike died. However, when this German doctor grabbed a scalpel and began to cut into Mike's abdominal cavity, he pulled back in shock because what he saw inside of Mike's body didn't make any sense. The doctor quickly set down his scalpel and ran down the hallway to his office and he called the Maltese medical examiner who' done the original autopsy and asked him for an explanation cuz he just couldn't reconcile what he just saw. But the response the medical examiner from Malta gave was so illogical it seemed like it had to be a lie. So after speaking to that medical examiner, the German doctor hung up and then called Mike's dad, Bar to explain what was going on here. After receiving that call, Bar was so furious that he actually flew down to Malta again the very next day to demand answers from authorities. But he didn't get any answers because the police just repeated the same bizarre explanation that the medical examiner had. And that's how it's been for the last 10 years. Officially, Mike's death was ruled accidental, caused by his fall off the cliff, [music] and the case is closed. Officials have never explained Mike's missing backpack, the undamaged bike, or the freshly mowed grass. But the biggest thing that officials have never clearly explained is what that German doctor who performed the second autopsy discovered [music] when he cut into Mike's abdominal cavity. When that doctor opened Mike up, he discovered that all of Mike's internal organs were missing. And the bizarre explanation that everybody in Malta kept giving, like starting with the medical examiner, was, "Well, what must have happened is Mike's organs must have been eaten by rodents while he was lying outside dead." But the German doctor didn't find any bite marks anywhere on Mike's body. In fact, if [music] anything, there were clear signs that rodents didn't do this because there were clean, almost surgically precise incisions inside of Mike's body where his organs had been, like they had [music] been intentionally cut out. In 2021, Baron filed a criminal complaint against the medical examiner who did Mike's initial autopsy, but the public prosecutors in Malta rejected his complaint, so it never went anywhere. Baron believes that someone out there knows something, and he just hopes that one day they come forward. [music] Around noon on April 21st, 1996, a young woman named Carolina Suarez parked her car in front of a house out in the middle of the woods that her family owned. This property was located about an hour outside of Paris, [music] France. And the house in many ways was sort of unremarkable, but this property had really become a central meeting spot for the Suarez family because of their backyard. There was like a clearing in the back of the house that was great for [music] picnics and barbecues. And just now, as Carolina walked behind the house out to that clearing, [music] she saw there were dozens of people already out there that were eating and dancing and chatting and having a great time. So, the Suarez family was very close-knit. And the whole family, like everybody, got together here every year for a picnic. [music] And so, Karolina, she looked around and she saw a bunch of picnic tables and blankets set up out on the grass. And she saw her aunts and her uncles and all her cousins. But then she frowned because she did not see her fianceé, Armando Noggera, who was supposed to be there already. [music] So that morning, Armando had left his and Carolina's apartment early, so ahead of Carolina. And he had told her that he was just driving down to the woods with her cousin Joow to gather firewood before this big picnic. But now Carolina saw Joau at one of the picnic tables and Armando was not with him or anywhere else for [music] that matter. And so Carolina, she walked over to Joow and sat down next to him and just said, "Hey, you know where's Armando? Where did he go after you guys went and got firewood?" But Joe turned and looked at her like he didn't understand what she was saying. And then he just said, "I don't know what you're talking about. I haven't seen Armando all day." Carolina was really confused by this. And she began to wonder if maybe she had misheard Armando that morning. Like he said he was actually going somewhere else with somebody else. Did she mishar him? That she thought he said going to the woods with Joe, but it had been something else. But she's thinking like, "I know I didn't. It was really clear what he said he was going to go do. And so all day that day, Carolina just sort of, you know, mindlessly chatted with family members and sort of, you know, pretended like she was a part of the picnic, but really she's just waiting for Armando to show up, but he never did. And by the time the the picnic was over and she was driving home that night, she went from being concerned to actually being kind of mad. Like Armando had actually been acting kind of distant and [music] jumpy lately and Carolina had begun to worry that maybe what she was seeing here is he was getting cold [music] feet about their upcoming wedding. That's why he didn't come here. Maybe he didn't want to be around her family and commit to doing [music] things like this. Maybe he just wanted nothing to do with her. And the more she thought about this, the more it made her feel hurt and very frustrated. But she also figured that even if that was the case that he had sort of blown off this picnic and lied to her about what he was doing that day, that ultimately very likely he would be back at their [music] apartment when she got back. And so when she saw him, she could ask him and figure out what happened. But when Carolina got home to their cramped, run-down apartment, Armando was not there. And so once again, Carolina was worried. Like not mad anymore, just worried. And so Carolina went straight into the kitchen and she picked up her landline phone. And then she opened up her nearby address book and began calling everybody Armando knew. But everyone she talked to said they hadn't heard from him all day and had no idea where he was. That is until Carolina called Armando's friend, Manuel Frightus. And Manuel said that actually he'd met Armando for coffee that very morning. Manuel said that that morning Armando had seemed really on edge. He was sweating. He was tapping his feet constantly. And he kept looking around nervously, but he wouldn't explain what was going on except to say that he had accidentally uncovered a secret. And so Carolina, as she's listening to this, she's thinking like, "This doesn't really make any sense. I mean, she knew Armando had been acting a little bit nervous lately, but she had sort of chocked that up to him being, you know, nervous about their upcoming wedding. Whatever Manuel was describing, this sounded way more serious." And so Carolina asked like, "Where did Armando go after they met for coffee?" And Manuel, he's like, "Oh, well, I'm surprised you don't know. He he told me he was going to that picnic [music] of yours." He said he was going to see you at your family picnic. The next week on May 1st, Captain Jean Paul Capetti of the Paris Police parked his car in front of the Suarez family's property out in the woods. And behind the Suarez house, he saw there was already a team of officers searching the back of the property. And so he walked over to join them. So a few days ago, Armando's fianceé, Carolina, as well as Armando's friend, Manuel, had come to the Paris police station to report Armando missing. And Capetti had immediately interviewed Manuel, Carolina, and also a few members of Carolina's family. But none of them had seen or heard from Armando in over a week. Now, Manuel had said something about Armando knowing a secret that could have potentially put him in danger, but at least so far, nobody else in Armando's life had any clue what that secret could have been or in any way what that could have been about. And then also, as far as Capetti could gather, Armando was really just a normal guy who seemed to stay [music] out of trouble. And so, they just didn't really have a whole lot to go on at all. Not just the secret, but in general, there was like nothing. Now, the last anybody had heard was that Armando was supposed to be on his way to a picnic at this property where Capetti was this big family picnic. So, since this was like the only clear lead they had at this point that they could actually move on, the police had come out here to the woods to this house to search the area in case maybe Armando was out here. Who knows? I mean, someone had said he'd come out to the area to gather firewood for the picnic. Someone said he had just gone to the picnic, but maybe he's here on the property or he's out in the outskirts, but there could be some sign of him. Let's go look. But when Capetti caught up with one of the officers in the search team, she told him that they'd been scouring this property and the surrounding woods all day, and there had been zero sign of Armando. And so, Capetti, he walked back over to the main picnic area right behind the house, which was, you know, buzzing with officers at this point. and he began looking around, you know, figuring at this point, why not take a look for himself? But the property was just totally unremarkable. It was just like this this blank back area, just grass basically where the picnic had taken place. And now any, you know, furniture that had been out during the picnic had long been taken in. It was just this blank backyard and then, you know, trees. That was it. Like there was nothing out here. And Capetti's like, "Man, where else could this guy be?" A week later, Capetti was sitting at his desk at the police station just wondering what to even do with this case. By this point, Armando still had not been found. There was still no sign of him, and there basically was no real evidence. So, they did continue to search that property out in the woods, but after a very long search, nothing was turned up. And the entire Suarez family had been interviewed by this point and they'd all been extremely friendly and cooperative and tried to offer up anything they could, but nothing had led to Armando. And there was still like no sign that even any foul play had been involved in Armando's disappearance. So it wasn't even clear if a crime had been committed at this point. And so Capetti couldn't help but think, you know, maybe Armando wasn't actually missing at all. Maybe he, you know, an adult man, had just chosen to run away. Like, what if he was doing this on purpose? That would explain a lot of what was going on. And there actually was two pretty compelling reasons for why Armando might want to do that. His own fianceé, Carolina, had mentioned in her interviews that Armando had been acting kind of nervous in the last couple of weeks, and she had attributed that to him being worried about the upcoming wedding, that he was getting cold feet and maybe [music] didn't want to get married after all. So maybe he ran away to avoid getting married. And then the other, you know, compelling reason he could have chosen to run away by choice was maybe to do with that that secret that he apparently had uncovered. According to his friend Manuel, I mean the area where Carolina and Armando lived, where their apartment was, was not particularly safe. I [music] mean, there was quite a bit of crime that happened in the area. Maybe Armando, even though he himself didn't show any signs of, you know, getting directly involved in criminal activity. Maybe he uncovered criminal activity or got wrapped up in something maybe unintentionally and that was the secret. [music] and maybe he fled to protect himself from, you know, repercussions from knowing this secret, this criminal secret. Also, Capetti had found out that Armando had family in Portugal. And so, if he had, you know, run away by choice, he likely would have gone there. And if he had, Capetti knew he really couldn't do much to track him down because French police didn't have any jurisdiction in Portugal. So, this would be like a really uniquely difficult problem. So without really knowing what else to do, Capetti ultimately sent out an alert [music] to the Portuguese authorities to basically look for this guy Armando. He could have fled our our country. He could be, you know, staying in Portugal. We don't know. Like keep an eye out for him. And then he waited hoping that one day he would get a call from Portugal telling him that Armando had been found. But the call never came. And after a few months, Capetti moved on. A year later, in April of 1997, Capedi was at his desk, buried in paperwork on dozens of cases, when another detective suddenly barged into his office, saying he might have information on that Armando Nggera case. It took Capetti a few seconds to even remember who Armando Nggera was. But then as the details of the case [music] began coming back to him, he expected to hear that the authorities in Portugal had finally found something. But this other detective walked in and dropped a file on Capetti's desk. And when he opened it up, the documents inside were not from Portugal. They were from the Netherlands. The detective explained that the case that he was currently investigating was nothing to do with Armando. It was about a different young man whose body had been found in Amsterdam a couple of weeks ago. And he had been identified as a resident of Paris, France, [music] and his name was Jose Martins. And so, Capetti, he began flipping through the documents on his desk, not really understanding what any of this Jose Martins guy had to do with Armando until he got to a list of Jose's friends and associates who had been questioned in the Jose case. [music] And right away he saw a name that he recognized. Manuel Freighus. The friend who had reported Armando missing. The friend who claimed that Armando had uncovered some secret. A week later, Capetti walked into an interrogation room at the Paris police station where Manuel was waiting. [music] And the moment the door opened, Manuel practically jumped out of his chair. He was sweating. He was twitchy. And he kept glancing out the window like he was afraid that somebody was watching him. It had taken Capetti's team several days to track Manuel down because he hadn't been at any of his known addresses. And then every time they'd gotten a tip about where he was staying, he'd be gone by the time police got there. Dodging the police was obviously already quite suspicious. And now Manuel was acting so nervous, you know, now that he was finally in custody that Capetti felt certain that he had to be hiding something. either he was involved directly or indirectly in Armando's disappearance or Jose's murder or he at least knew what happened to one or both of them. So Capetti, he just sat down and asked Manuel, "Why have you been ducking the police?" And Manuel, who's looking so nervous, he just blurts out that he was just really scared. He said he didn't want to become the fourth [music] victim. And Capetti when he heard this he was a little bit confused because at this point he thought there were really only two victims. I mean there was obviously Armando who was still missing and there was this Jose guy who was dead. So we asked Manuel like what are you talking about? Who was the the third victim or who are these victims? What do you [music] mean? And Manuel he launched into this bizarre story about a man that Capetti had never even heard of who apparently had been killed 3 years ago in a small town in Portugal. As Manuel raced through all these random seeming details, Capedi really didn't understand where the story was even going. But slowly, as Manuel kept talking, the pieces clicked into place and Capetti realized exactly what must have happened to Armando. The whole time that Armando had been missing, he'd actually been right under Capetti's nose. It would turn out Armando really did uncover a really big [music] secret right before he went missing. And that secret was that 2 years before Armando disappeared in the summer of 1994, [music] three young hitmen had been hired to kill a man in Portugal. And after the murder, they had all sworn each other to secrecy. But one of those hitmen had eventually broken that promise. And that was Jose [music] Martins, the man who had been found dead in the Netherlands. Jose had not been able to handle the guilt of what he and the others had done. So he confessed the whole story to his friend, Armando Nggera. And Armando freaked out because one of the other hitmen involved in this murder was his fianceé, Carolina Suarez's cousin, Jo Suarez. And when Jo found out that Armando knew their big secret, he knew he had to get rid of both Jose and Armando to keep them from talking. And so on the morning of the big Suarez family picnic out in the woods, after Armando met his friend Manuel for coffee, Joow had picked Armando up in his car. [music] And they had driven out into the woods together supposedly to to gather up firewood before everybody else arrived for this picnic. But what actually happened when they arrived in the woods [music] is two of Joha's other friends, including one who was also involved in the murder in Portugal, they were out in the woods waiting for them. [music] And when Armando got out of the car, they all ganged up on him and they killed him. And then after he was dead, they brought his body into the backyard of the Suarez property. So behind that house out in the woods, and they buried him right in the backyard. [music] And then after he was all buried up, they just put a blanket over his grave site. And then hours later, the entire Suarez family, including Carolina, Armando's fianceé, had their picnic right on that spot. They were literally eating food on top of where Armando was buried, just feet below them. Finally, in 2009, Joel Suarez along with his two friends were all found guilty of Armando's murder. But because of the amount of time that had passed since the crime, they each only got 8 to 10 years in prison. They were also investigated for the murder of Jose Martins. But no one was ever charged, and the case remains officially [music] unsolved. Thank you so much for watching. Let me know what you thought of today's episode in the comments. And remember, we have hundreds of videos for you to binge [music] right now. But if you're looking for a recommendation from me of that one video that's worth your time, well, it's this one right here. So, give it a watch. All right, until next time. See you.