In the fall of 2009, a very anxious college student was sitting inside of a crowded lecture hall in Southern California listening to his professor give a talk when suddenly the doors to the building opened up and in walked three campus police along with a man in a suit. And so everybody goes quiet. The professor is well and these men they walk down to the front and they whisper something to the professor. At which point the professor who looks confused [music] himself, he goes to the podium and he leans into the mic and he looks up at the anxious college student and the professor just says they want to talk to you. But before we get into today's story, if you're a fan of the strange, dark, and mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right place because that's all we do and we upload two, three, even four times every week. So, if that's of interest to you, please invite the like button to come with you on a really long fun road trip. And after you get out on the road, eventually when they have to use the bathroom, pull over at a rest stop, let them out, but then before they come back out again, just leave. Also, please subscribe to our channel and turn on all notifications so you don't miss any of our weekly uploads. Okay, let's get into today's story. [music] On the morning of Thursday, October 22nd, 2009, a 41-year-old man named Damon Nicholson opened the double doors to a hotel ballroom in Lagouna Beach, California. Damon was an event planner at the hotel and today he was giving a tour to a recently engaged couple who wanted to use the space for their wedding. So event planning was like the perfect job for Damon because he loved a good party and he'd always been great with people. And in fact, by the time he'd shown this couple the ballroom and then led them out onto the veranda to show off the hotel's amazing beachfront views, they were all chatting and laughing like they were longtime friends. and the couple was now dead set on using the space. Just then, Damon felt a cell phone buzz in his pocket. So, he politely excused himself. He stepped away and when he pulled his phone out, he saw he had gotten a text message from a college student who he had just recently begun dating. [music] The guy's name was Alan Coughfield. And Allen was texting Damon just to make sure they were still on for their date that night. After reading this message, Damon found himself not really sure how to respond. After all, I mean, right now he was feeling really tired because [music] the night before he had been out late, having a good time, and actually the night before that as well, he'd been out late, so he's like really tired from all the partying he was doing. Lagouna Beach was known for having this really big gay community, and Damon liked to date around quite a bit. He'd grown up in a much more conservative family, and his sexual orientation had always been a source of a lot of pain in his life. But here in Lagouna Beach, he felt fully accepted and free [music] and he was really enjoying his life. But his lifestyle could also get kind of wild sometimes with partying so hard and like he even got involved in some of these anonymous group [music] sex parties. I mean, he really was just living it up. And in fact, this week, in addition to to being tired from all the partying [music] he had been doing, also all this staying out late and partying had gotten him behind on his work. And so [music] in seeing this text from Allan, he's thinking, not only physically do I sort of feel depleted [music] and don't really feel up for another night of that, but also like I really need to be responsible and like do my [music] work tonight. But he really liked Allan. He didn't want to give off the impression that, you know, he wasn't interested. And so he ultimately was like, you know what? I'll go out with him. So Damon just sent a text confirming the date back to Alan. And then he put the phone back in his pocket and walked over and continued the tour. [music] Later that same night around 10 p.m., Damon stood on the porch of his first floor apartment watching Allen's car pull away from the curb. They'd spent a few fun hours together, but Damon had actually cut the night short. He had really enjoyed, you know, having his time with Allen, but even though it was late, he did need to get some work done. And so he figured that's what he would do before going to bed. So Damon watched Allan's car disappear around the corner. Then he turned and went back inside [music] of his apartment, leaving the sliding glass door open just a few inches. Then he walked over and sat down on the couch. He opened up his laptop and it took him a minute to sort of get focused again. But once he did, he got in the zone and he sort of lost track of time. And he'd been working for a while when he heard footsteps [music] out on the porch outside. And he looked up just as the door slid open. At 2:30 p.m. the next day, a woman named Lindsay Scott got out of her car and walked over to Damon's apartment. Lindsay worked with Damon at the hotel, and she was worried because he hadn't shown up to work that morning. So now, after calling him multiple times with no response, Lindsay had decided to just go over to Damon's place and just check on him during her break. As she stepped onto the porch, Lindsay saw the sliding glass door leading into Damon's apartment was open. But Lindsay actually was not that surprised because she had been to parties at Damon's place and she knew he had this kind of open door policy where his friends would just drop by unannounced. So Lindsay just poked her head through the open door and called out for Damon. When he didn't answer, she stepped inside but immediately froze in shock at what she saw. Then right away she turned, ran out of the apartment. She grabbed her phone and she called 911. About 30 minutes later, Detective Larry Bmer of the Laguna Beach Police Department parked his car outside of Damon's apartment building. It was a small building and it was located about a block away from the beach. And this was a pretty quiet area. In fact, in Bamer's experience, this area really didn't see much crime at all. And a homicide like the one Bamer had been brought in here to investigate was basically unheard of. Bammer made his way over to the building. He ultimately climbed up the steps to the wooden porch. He ducked under the yellow crime scene tape that was blocking the doorway and he [music] stepped inside of Damon's apartment. The small apartment was already crowded with crime scene techs were taking photos and dusting everything for Prince. And the body of a man was slumped over right on the couch, fully dressed and also partially covered in pillows. Bammer walked over to get a better look. And when he did, he realized he actually recognized the victim. It was Damon Nicholson, the event planner, who for years had coordinated the police department's annual Christmas party. Bammer shook his head because, you know, in his experience, Damon had always seemed like a really nice guy. You know, he couldn't think of, you know, how he could get wrapped up in something that would turn into him getting murdered. But, you know, Bammer was here to do a job. And so, despite the personal connection, he leaned in and got to work. And right away he noticed that the back of Damon's head was covered with blood, like he'd been struck with a blunt instrument. But there were no obvious contenders for the murder weapon anywhere in sight. Like nobody had brought anything up that could have been used to kill him. Additionally, Bammer didn't see any blood anywhere else in the room he was in, aside from obviously the blood on the victim and also on the couch. So that likely meant Damon likely died where he was right now. Next, Bammer looked at the throw pillows that had been piled up on Damon's legs. From how they were positioned, it was obvious that Damon had not put them there himself. Bammer knew that killers sometimes covered up the victim's bodies, and it was usually a sign of shame or remorse [music] after the fact. So, that could mean that the killer knew Damon personally, and after killing him, they felt bad and covered him up or something. But, the pillows were definitely not definitive by any means. Once he'd seen enough of the body, Bammer walked around the rest of the apartment [music] before ultimately making his way over to the forensic team lead. And she confirmed that there were no signs of forced entry and that according to the woman who had called 911, Lindsay Scott, the door had been open when she arrived. Lindsay had also said that Damon had a habit of leaving the door open whenever he was home, which meant that any stranger could have seen the open door and wandered in off the street. Now, the apartment didn't appear to have been ransacked or anything, but there was a pile of loose garbage sitting in the middle of the kitchen [music] floor, right next to the trash can. The lid was lying on the floor beside the can, and there was no trash can liner inside. It was like an empty trash can. So, Detective Bammer guessed that what likely happened here is the killer. Took the liner that had been in there, pulled it out of the can, dumped out the contents, but then used that same bag probably to hold the murder weapon or maybe some bloody clothes and brought it with them on their way out. And then also, despite the police not being able to know what actually had been in the apartment before the attack, it did look like a few things had been taken. For example, there was a computer mouse that was on the coffee table, but no computer or laptop anywhere in the apartment. And also, the forensics team had not found Damon's cell phone anywhere. So, it looked like the motive maybe could have been robbery. But that bothered Bammer because robbery was impersonal. And those pillows piled on Damon's legs and his body, those felt personal. On top of that, killing someone with a blunt instrument took a lot of strength and determination. And in Bammer's experience, that was the kind of violence that typically came from a serious grudge, someone with a personal [music] connection to the victim. So, Bamemer couldn't be sure if Damon had been killed by someone he knew or a stranger who had just walked in off the street. It was like either one really could have happened here. Either way, if the killer had taken Damon's cell phone, they had made a huge mistake because Damon's phone could be tracked. And if the killer still had it, it would lead Bammer right to them. BetterHelp is the paid partner of today's video. Have you ever found yourself suddenly realizing that you've been carrying way more than you thought? Sometimes anxiety builds so gradually that you adapt to it before you even realize it's there. You push through. You, you know, you stay busy. You tell yourself it's just stress until one day you notice how much energy it takes just to keep up. Well, I've definitely felt that way before. And one thing I've learned from that experience is that you don't have to wait until it feels like you're completely overwhelmed to check in with yourself. Sometimes taking the time to better understand what you're feeling can make everyday life feel a bit more manageable. Therapy can help you recognize those patterns, understand what's contributing to them, and develop tools to navigate them with greater awareness and more self-compassion. And better help makes getting started easier. Take the quiz and get matched with a credentialed therapist quickly. If it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time at no extra cost. Click the link in the description or go to betterhelp.com/mrbalin and get 10% off your first month of therapy. On October 25th, 2009, so 2 days after Damon Nicholson was found bludging to death in his apartment, detective Larry Bamemer climbed into a dumpster right outside of an apartment building about 20 minutes north of Damon's home in Laguna Beach. Once inside, he crouched down and began sorting through the garbage. Bammer had tracked Damon's missing cell phone to this apartment building, so he knew it had to be somewhere nearby. But this building was enormous, and searching it unit by unit would take days. And on top of that, it just seemed unlikely that the killer [music] would have led them straight to their home. There was a good chance that they had realized the phone could be tracked and had dumped it somewhere. So now Bamer and a dozen other officers were checking all the dumpsters before they resorted to going inside. canvasing the building unit by [music] unit. By this point, for context, Bamer had reviewed the autopsy report for Damon Nicholson, and it confirmed that Damon had died from multiple blows from a blunt instrument, probably sometime between 1 and 3:00 a.m. on October 23rd. [music] So, in the very early morning hours of the same day the body was found, the forensic team had found fingerprints inside of Damon's apartment, but they had found so many different fingerprints from so many people that in essence the fingerprints became useless. There was just too many of them. However, they had found DNA inside the lid of Damon's garbage can, which Bamer knew or assumed the killer had very likely touched when they dumped out the trash and took the trash liner. Now, Damon and his team had already sent that DNA sample to the crime lab for analysis, but those results would take a few weeks at least to come back. So, in the meantime, finding Damon's missing phone was the best lead. And so, now Bammer was still, you know, kneedeep in trash, sifting through the dumpster when he heard a door open nearby. He stood up and he turned to see this bearded man step out of the apartment building and he's looking over at Bammer inquisitively. Bammer showed the man his badge and explained the whole situation. And when he mentioned that they were specifically looking for a cell phone that they had tracked to this building, the bearded man replied that he knew exactly where they could find that phone because he had it. Minutes later, Detective Bammer followed the bearded man into a cluttered office on the first floor of the apartment building. The man who gave his name as Rick Larson explained that he was the building custodian and that he actually regularly checked the dumpsters to see if tenants had thrown out anything good. Then he opened up the top drawer of his desk [music] and he took out a cell phone that he had found. And Bammer, when he saw it, he took out his own phone and he called Damon's phone number. And sure enough, a moment later, the trash can phone, the one that had been [music] in Rick's desk, began to ring. So this was definitely Damon's phone. But now Bammer had to wonder if Rick's dumpster diving story was true or if it was just an excuse to explain why he was in possession of a murdered man's missing phone. So Bamer was pretty direct and just [music] asked Rick point blank where he'd been between 1 and 3:00 a.m. on the morning of October 23rd. And Rick, when he heard this question looked genuinely surprised and then sort of worried. And then he said [music] he'd been here asleep in his own apartment. But when Bammer pressed him on this, you know, asked him, "Is there anybody else out there who could verify that you really were here?" Rick just shook his head and said, "No, he'd been alone." Just a little while later, Bamemer left the apartment building, but now carrying two bags. One bag contained Damon's cell phone, and the other bag contained the DNA kit with Rick Larson's sample in it. Now, it would take time for the crime lab to compare Rick, the apartment building custodian, his sample that they had just gotten to the DNA from the crime scene, but in the meantime, Bammer did now have Damon's phone to go through. He still wasn't sure if Damon had been killed by [music] a random burglar or just a random stranger, period, or if maybe there was a personal component to the murder. And so now he wanted to try to dig into Damon's personal life and find out who he'd been spending time with before he was killed. And a way to do that was going to hopefully be through his phone. A few days later, just after lunch, Bamemer sat inside of an interview room across from a professionally dressed man with a big gauze bandage wrapped around one of his hands. Bammer had spent the last few days reviewing Damon's phone records and also his online dating profile. [music] And by now he knew that Damon had been seeing a number of men before his murder. So Bamer was working through that list of men and bringing them in one by one. The man with the bandaged hand that he was interviewing right now was a guy named Ethan Cooper. And from Damon's phone activity, Bamer knew that Ethan had gone on a date with Damon just two nights before the murder. Bamer did not need to tell Ethan that Damon was dead because clearly Ethan already knew. [music] I mean, as it was, the murder was all over the news, and it was an especially big deal for Laguna Beach's gay community. So, by this point, it was like everybody knew, Ethan included. According to Ethan, his date with Damon a couple of days before the murder had been pretty straightforward. They'd gone out for drinks before heading back to Damon's place to watch a movie, and Ethan had wound up spending the night there. At some point, Bammer asked Ethan about the bandage on his hand, and Ethan explained that it was actually a spider bite. Bammer was surprised to hear this. I mean, spider bites, especially spider bites that require huge bandaging, are pretty rare. And so, he just asked to see it. And Ethan clearly hesitated. But then he did unwrap the bandage and he held out [music] his hand. And there definitely was a big wound on Ethan's hand. It was right in the center of his palm. But to Bammer, it did not look like a spider bite or not like any spider bite he had ever seen. It didn't even look like a puncture of any kind. It looked more like a cut, like a laceration, the kind of wound that someone might get during a life and death struggle with somebody else. Ethan must have read Bammer's face because he quickly added that he had gotten this bite before Damon was murdered [music] and that he'd actually shown the bite to his boss at work who could vouch for him. Bammer said he'd take down the number for Ethan's boss, as well as contact info for anyone who could verify Ethan's whereabouts on the night of the murder. And while he had Ethan there, he said he'd like to get a DNA sample, too. The next morning, Bamer was back inside the interview room with the next person on his list. This time, it was a middle-aged man in glasses named Todd Daniels. From reading all their messages to each other in Damon's cell phone, Bamemer could tell that Todd and Damon had been friends for years. and that they had seen each other the night after Damon's date with Ethan, which was one night before Damon was killed. When Bammer asked Todd what he and Damon had done that night, so again, the night before Damon was killed, Todd seemed really uncomfortable. Todd explained that what he had to say about that night was extremely personal, but he was willing to share it with the police on the off chance that it could be relevant. Bammer told him he really couldn't make any promises in terms of what he did with the information he was going to get, but he would try to be discreet. So Todd somewhat reluctantly explained that he and Damon had not just been friends. [music] They had actually been sexually involved. They'd been hooking up casually for years and that their visits always tended to go the exact same way. Todd would show up at Damon's apartment and just let himself in through the sliding door that was often just left open. Todd said that inside [music] the lights would all be off in the apartment. And Damon would be waiting, [music] wearing nothing but a ski cap, pulled all the way down to cover his face. Sometimes Todd said it wouldn't just be him who was showing up to meet up with Damon. Todd would would bring other partners to join in. Basically, it was, you know, anonymous sex. And Todd said he was he was pretty sure he was not the only one with this kind of arrangement with Damon. Damon clearly did this with other men, too. Bammer, after hearing this, just sort of sat there in silence for a moment. If Todd was right here, it meant that Damon had, [music] you know, potentially for years been letting an unknown number of strangers into his home. And that meant [music] Bamer's pool of suspects had just gotten a whole lot bigger. On the morning of October 29th, so one week after the murder, Bammer was at his desk, still working tirelessly to to get through all of Damon's contacts to figure out like who's even in this suspect pool. And so he leaned closer to his computer screen and he's he's reading all this information and he he's just so frustrated because it just felt like this was an overwhelming amount of work. Since his interview with Todd, the man who brought up that Damon allowed strangers to come in and and have sex with him. Since that meeting, Bamemer had spoken to more than a dozen men who had had casual sexual relationships with Damon, including some with arrangements that were in fact similar to the one that Todd had described. Now, Bamer had already collected DNA samples from most of these men he had spoken to, and he had sent those samples off to the lab along with the ones he'd gotten from Rick and Ethan and Todd. But again, it's like it's just a waiting game. You got to wait for the results to come back. And it's like the likelihood you're going to find a match is is kind of low because there's just so many people now that that comprise this pool. But Bamemer now had another lead that did seem really promising. He finally had more details on a phone number that had called and texted Damon multiple times on the night he died. The number belonged to a man named Alan Caulfield. And it looked like Allan and Damon had been planning to see each other on the night that that Damon died. And so if that date had happened, if these two got together, it would make Allan very likely the last person to have seen Damon alive. So after reviewing his notes, Bamemer picked up his phone and he called Allen's number. When Allan picked up, Bamemer explained that he was a detective with the Laguna Beach Police and he really needed to speak with Allen about a homicide. And Allan, without asking for any clarification about who had been killed or really anything at all, he just stammered that he didn't think he could possibly have information about anything like that. It was very obvious to Bammer that Allan did not want to be on this phone call. So, before he could allow Allen to hang up, Bammer just got right to the point and asked if Allen had been to Damon Nicholson's apartment on the night of October 22nd. Alan was silent for a long moment and then when he finally did reply, he just said that he was not willing to answer that question. One morning in early November of 2009, so just over a week after Damon Nicholson was murdered at his apartment in Laguna Beach, Detective Larry Bmer stood in an empty college classroom in San Diego, California. A young man named Alan Caulfield sat in a chair in front of him, very nervously tapping his foot on the floor. Allan had not been willing to admit anything over the phone with Bamer, but Bammer believed that he had been with Damon on the night he was killed. And so that fact combined with Allen's reluctance to talk to the police had pushed Allen to the top of Bamemer's suspect list. Bammer thought, you know, scaring Allen with a public scene might rattle him and get him to open up. So Bamer had made the 80minute drive to Allen's college and asked the campus police to pull Allen out of class and bring him to an empty classroom to conduct the interview. Basically rip him out of his life and force him to confront a homicide detective. And so now when Bammer asked the very rattled Allen if he had been to Damon's apartment on the night of October 22nd, Allan this time did not try to put up a fight. Instead, he just shut his eyes and he nodded and said yes. [music] He said that he had met Damon sometime around 8:00 p.m. that night and they'd hung out for a little bit and then Allan had left sometime around 10:00 p.m. and he had just driven back home. That was it. Bammer jotted the info down in his notepad. But inside he's thinking to himself, "Okay, you know, if Allan's telling me the truth, that meant he left Damon's apartment a few hours before Damon was killed." Because the autopsy said that Damon was killed sometime between 1 and 3:00 a.m. Allan saying he was gone by 10:00 p.m. However, Allan had been really ky with Bamer on the phone. He wouldn't give him any information. He was so quick to dismiss, you know, even talking to Bamer. And now Bamer had to drive all the way here and cause a scene just to get him to what? Admit to spending a couple of hours with Damon. If you had nothing to do with it, this should have been revealed very quickly. And so at this point, Bammer was not totally sold [music] that what Allan had just told him was true. So he asked Allen to just give them a DNA sample. It would be the cleanest way to rule him out. And Allan, he paused and just stared at the floor for a second. And then he said, "Okay, whatever the police wanted, he would do." About two weeks later, on November 17th, so just under a month after Damon was murdered, Detective Bammer was back at his desk reviewing the case files. And as he did, he found himself constantly looking over at his phone because the crime lab had told him to expect the the long- aaited DNA results any day now. And so, he's anxiously waiting to see those results. Bammer really hoped the crime lab had found something useful because his best lead in this case had just completely fallen apart. Alan Caulfield, the [music] KG college student, had ultimately provided a fast food receipt that placed him a good distance from Damon's apartment around the time the police believed Damon was killed. Now, this was not an airtight alibi because the autopsy only gave the police a rough estimate for the murder time, which was 1 to 3:00 a.m. So, there was still a chance that maybe Allan had doubled back later to kill Damon. But for now, this fast food receipt was enough to push Allen a little bit down the suspect list. Meanwhile, Todd Daniels, the middle-aged man who had been hooking up with Damon for years, who who described the anonymous group sex settings, well, he was looking even more suspicious. Now, Todd had seemed really cooperative in his interview, but Bammer had recently learned something potentially quite significant. Todd just so happened to live in the exact same apartment building where Damon's stolen phone had turned up. to Bamemer. It just felt like there was no way this could be a coincidence. [music] However, Bamer, in addition to being suspicious of of Todd Daniels here, he was also really suspicious of Ethan Cooper, [music] the man who had that strange wound on his hand that he said was was a spider bite. Because following the interview where Bammer met Ethan and saw the the spider bite, he had contacted Ethan's boss and the boss had said that Ethan told him about that injury before Damon's murder. That was true. But the boss said he didn't call it a spider bite. He said it was a work injury. So to Bammer, it felt like the fact that Ethan seemed to have changed the story about the injury felt off and in the context of what was being investigated, it felt very suspicious. And then of course there was also Rick Larson, the sort of forgotten about building custodian who just so happened to have Damon's phone in his possession when the police tracked it down. And although he claimed he had been alone in his apartment at the time of the murder, he still didn't have anybody who could actually vouch for him. So, it was just sort of like his word against the timeline. Thinking about all this stuff just made Bammer's head hurt, and it just reminded him how contradictory all the evidence in this case had been from the start. The phone being missing from the apartment and then somehow found over at this apartment building suggested it had been stolen, which points to this being a robbery. But the pillows piled up on Damon's body hinted at a personal motive. So, not a random burglary, but a grudge maybe. Now, the unlocked door suggested crime of opportunity slash stranger committing this crime. But all the people who who used that door or who knew about there being an open door to Damon's place, they all had a personal connection with Damon. They had a sexual history with him. So, it didn't feel random. It felt like, you know, again, personal. It was like every time a lead took Bammer in one direction, another one appeared to send him back the other way. And so now he was weeks into this investigation and felt like he had no idea who did it or why. It was like, was it personal? Was it random? Was it a robbery? Was it a a grudge? Nobody seems to know. And so Bammer was grappling with all this in his head when his phone finally rang. Bammer grabbed it and he answered it and he had this jolt of excitement when the caller said they were with the crime lab and they've told him that they have finished analyzing the DNA samples that he had submitted and they had a match. As soon as Bammer was given the results of this test, he was given the information of the person it matched, he hung up and he ran a search on his computer. And as he began to read, the frustration that had been sitting on his chest [music] just lifted because he could see it now. Every contradiction, every loose thread, every piece of evidence that had seemed to point in different directions, they had all in fact been pointing at the same person. He just hadn't known it yet. Based on evidence collected at the crime scene, witness testimony, and a partial confession, this is what police believe happened to Damon Nicholson between the night of October 22nd and the early morning hours of October 23rd, 2009. The killer climbed the steps of the porch outside of Damon's apartment and found that the sliding glass door was open just like last time. So they turned back and sort of gestured to their accomplice saying like, "Hey, the plan's on." The killer then slid the door the rest of the way open and stepped inside the apartment. And immediately they spotted Damon on the couch. He was sitting up. He was typing on his laptop on the coffee table. But as the killer entered the apartment, Damon stopped and turned around and looked right at them. And when Damon looked at the killer, Damon smiled. But then a second later, the killer's accomplice also slipped through the door, at which point Damon's smile vanished. And then before Damon could call out for help or really do anything, the killer walked over to the couch and lifted up the metal baseball bat they brought along. Damon saw the bat and threw his arms up over his head to defend himself. But the killer took one step to the side and swung the bat and struck Damon's skull. And then from there, the killer wound up and struck Damon again and again until Damon wasn't moving. He stood no shot. For a moment, the killer just stood there staring down at what they'd done. Damon at this point was either dead or actively dying, but he was just slumped over on the couch and there was blood pouring out the back of his head. So, the killer is like in a daysaze. And then at some point, the accomplice who was actually still, you know, in the apartment, but they had stayed near the door. They were not close to the actual scene. They hadn't really seen what was going on. And they called out to the killer like, "Hey, what's going on in there?" And it kind of snapped the killer out of their their shock they were in. At which point, the killer grabbed some throw pillows and put them on top of Damon's body to try to obscure him from view. Then at that point, the two of them, the killer and the accomplice, just kind of hurried through the apartment, grabbing Damon's laptop, his cell phone, and some other electronics. In the kitchen, the killer spotted that trash can and got an idea. They walked over and they dumped the trash can out so all the contents are all over the kitchen floor. But now with this empty trash can liner, they wrapped up their bloody baseball bat to keep it from dripping all over the apartment on the way out. And then a few minutes later, the killer, who now has this bloody bat in the bag in hand, and the accomplice left through the sliding glass door, completely oblivious to all the mistakes they'd made, like for example, leaving DNA on the trash can and also taking a cell phone that could be tracked. When Detective Bammer got the name of the person whose DNA matched the DNA on the trash can, he immediately headed out to make an arrest. And where did he go? He went straight to the apartment building where Damon's cell phone had been found. But he didn't go to the apartment of Damon's longtime casual romantic partner, Todd Daniels. Nor did he go to see Rick Larson, the building's custodian, who claimed to have found the phone in the dumpster. It would turn out both Todd and Rick were completely innocent. [music] And so Bamer, he went to the apartment of this woman whose son was a guy named Matthew Dragna. He was 19 years old, and his DNA was already in the police database from a previous burglary. Matthew and Damon's longtime casual romantic partner, Todd, they had started hooking up a few weeks before Damon's murder. And when Todd went to see Damon on October 21st, 2 days before the murder, he brought Matthew with him for a threesome as part of that anonymous sex routine that Damon was known for. And while he was there participating in this, Matthew, the 19-year-old, took note of Damon's very open lifestyle and the fact that he he literally left his door unlocked at night. And Matthew saw an opportunity. And so Matthew recruited a friend to help him rob the place. And the next night they came back. And this time when Matthew walked through the sliding glass door of Damon's apartment, he found Damon on the couch. and immediately he decided to beat him to death so he would not interfere with the robbery. Matthew Dragna was arrested on November 18th, 2009 and charged with Damon's murder. After a very drawn out legal battle, he eventually plead guilty to a lesser charge of manslaughter and burglary and got a final sentence of just over 28 years in prison. As for Matthew's accomplice, who was a man named Jacob Kinttonia, he was also convicted of manslaughter, but sentenced [music] to just over 7 years in prison. Thank you so much for watching. Let me know what you thought of today's episode in the comments. And remember, we have a whole playlist of true crime episodes ready for you to binge right now. So click here and give them a watch. All right, until next time. See you.